Server Address is 127.0.0.1. Port is: 1
Sending:                 ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

Sending: 

Sending:                           Lewis Carroll

Sending: 

Sending:                THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                             CHAPTER I

Sending: 

Sending:                       Down the Rabbit-Hole

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister

Sending: on the bank, and of having nothing to do:  once or twice she had

Sending: peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no

Sending: pictures or conversations in it, `and what is the use of a book,'

Sending: thought Alice `without pictures or conversation?'

Sending: 

Sending:   So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could,

Sending: for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether

Sending: the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble

Sending: of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White

Sending: Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

Sending: 

Sending:   There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice

Sending: think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to

Sending: itself, `Oh dear!  Oh dear!  I shall be late!'  (when she thought

Sending: it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have

Sending: wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural);

Sending: but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-

Sending: POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to

Sending: her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never

Sending: before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to

Sending: take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the

Sending: field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop

Sending: down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

Sending: 

Sending:   In another moment down went Alice after it, never once

Sending: considering how in the world she was to get out again.

Sending: 

Sending:   The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way,

Sending: and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a

Sending: moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself

Sending: falling down a very deep well.

Sending: 

Sending:   Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she

Sending: had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to

Sending: wonder what was going to happen next.  First, she tried to look

Sending: down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to

Sending: see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, and

Sending: noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves;

Sending: here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.  She

Sending: took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was

Sending: labelled `ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it

Sending: was empty:  she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing

Sending: somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she

Sending: fell past it.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well!' thought Alice to herself, `after such a fall as this, I

Sending: shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs!  How brave they'll

Sending: all think me at home!  Why, I wouldn't say anything about it,

Sending: even if I fell off the top of the house!' (Which was very likely

Sending: true.)

Sending: 

Sending:   Down, down, down.  Would the fall NEVER come to an end!  `I

Sending: wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud.

Sending: `I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.  Let

Sending: me see:  that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for,

Sending: you see, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her

Sending: lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY good

Sending: opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to

Sending: listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over) `--yes,

Sending: that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude

Sending: or Longitude I've got to?'  (Alice had no idea what Latitude was,

Sending: or Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to

Sending: say.)

Sending: 

Sending:   Presently she began again.  `I wonder if I shall fall right

Sending: THROUGH the earth!  How funny it'll seem to come out among the

Sending: people that walk with their heads downward!  The Antipathies, I

Sending: think--' (she was rather glad there WAS no one listening, this

Sending: time, as it didn't sound at all the right word) `--but I shall

Sending: have to ask them what the name of the country is, you know.

Sending: Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and she tried

Sending: to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling

Sending: through the air!  Do you think you could manage it?)  `And what

Sending: an ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking!  No, it'll

Sending: never do to ask:  perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Down, down, down.  There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon

Sending: began talking again.  `Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I

Sending: should think!'  (Dinah was the cat.)  `I hope they'll remember

Sending: her saucer of milk at tea-time.  Dinah my dear!  I wish you were

Sending: down here with me!  There are no mice in the air, I'm afraid, but

Sending: you might catch a bat, and that's very like a mouse, you know.

Sending: But do cats eat bats, I wonder?'  And here Alice began to get

Sending: rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy sort of

Sending: way, `Do cats eat bats?  Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, `Do

Sending: bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she couldn't answer either

Sending: question, it didn't much matter which way she put it.  She felt

Sending: that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she

Sending: was walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very

Sending: earnestly, `Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:  did you ever eat a

Sending: bat?' when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of

Sending: sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a

Sending: moment:  she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her

Sending: was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in

Sending: sight, hurrying down it.  There was not a moment to be lost:

Sending: away went Alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it

Sending: say, as it turned a corner, `Oh my ears and whiskers, how late

Sending: it's getting!'  She was close behind it when she turned the

Sending: corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen:  she found

Sending: herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps

Sending: hanging from the roof.

Sending: 

Sending:   There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked;

Sending: and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the

Sending: other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle,

Sending: wondering how she was ever to get out again.

Sending: 

Sending:   Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of

Sending: solid glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key,

Sending: and Alice's first thought was that it might belong to one of the

Sending: doors of the hall; but, alas! either the locks were too large, or

Sending: the key was too small, but at any rate it would not open any of

Sending: them.  However, on the second time round, she came upon a low

Sending: curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a little

Sending: door about fifteen inches high:  she tried the little golden key

Sending: in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small

Sending: passage, not much larger than a rat-hole:  she knelt down and

Sending: looked along the passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw.

Sending: How she longed to get out of that dark hall, and wander about

Sending: among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains, but

Sending: she could not even get her head though the doorway; `and even if

Sending: my head would go through,' thought poor Alice, `it would be of

Sending: very little use without my shoulders.  Oh, how I wish

Sending: I could shut up like a telescope!  I think I could, if I only

Sending: know how to begin.'  For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things

Sending: had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few

Sending: things indeed were really impossible.

Sending: 

Sending:   There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she

Sending: went back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on

Sending: it, or at any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like

Sending: telescopes:  this time she found a little bottle on it, (`which

Sending: certainly was not here before,' said Alice,) and round the neck

Sending: of the bottle was a paper label, with the words `DRINK ME'

Sending: beautifully printed on it in large letters.

Sending: 

Sending:   It was all very well to say `Drink me,' but the wise little

Sending: Alice was not going to do THAT in a hurry.  `No, I'll look

Sending: first,' she said, `and see whether it's marked "poison" or not';

Sending: for she had read several nice little histories about children who

Sending: had got burnt, and eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant

Sending: things, all because they WOULD not remember the simple rules

Sending: their friends had taught them:  such as, that a red-hot poker

Sending: will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your

Sending: finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had

Sending: never forgotten that, if you drink much from a bottle marked

Sending: `poison,' it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or

Sending: later.

Sending: 

Sending:   However, this bottle was NOT marked `poison,' so Alice ventured

Sending: to taste it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort

Sending: of mixed flavour of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast

Sending: turkey, toffee, and hot buttered toast,) she very soon finished

Sending: it off.

Sending: 

Sending:      *       *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:          *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:      *       *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:   `What a curious feeling!' said Alice; `I must be shutting up

Sending: like a telescope.'

Sending: 

Sending:   And so it was indeed:  she was now only ten inches high, and

Sending: her face brightened up at the thought that she was now the right

Sending: size for going through the little door into that lovely garden.

Sending: First, however, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was

Sending: going to shrink any further:  she felt a little nervous about

Sending: this; `for it might end, you know,' said Alice to herself, `in my

Sending: going out altogether, like a candle.  I wonder what I should be

Sending: like then?'  And she tried to fancy what the flame of a candle is

Sending: like after the candle is blown out, for she could not remember

Sending: ever having seen such a thing.

Sending: 

Sending:   After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided

Sending: on going into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice!

Sending: when she got to the door, she found she had forgotten the

Sending: little golden key, and when she went back to the table for it,

Sending: she found she could not possibly reach it:  she could see it

Sending: quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her best to climb

Sending: up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;

Sending: and when she had tired herself out with trying,

Sending: the poor little thing sat down and cried.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come, there's no use in crying like that!' said Alice to

Sending: herself, rather sharply; `I advise you to leave off this minute!'

Sending: She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very

Sending: seldom followed it), and sometimes she scolded herself so

Sending: severely as to bring tears into her eyes; and once she remembered

Sending: trying to box her own ears for having cheated herself in a game

Sending: of croquet she was playing against herself, for this curious

Sending: child was very fond of pretending to be two people.  `But it's no

Sending: use now,' thought poor Alice, `to pretend to be two people!  Why,

Sending: there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable

Sending: person!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under

Sending: the table:  she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on

Sending: which the words `EAT ME' were beautifully marked in currants.

Sending: `Well, I'll eat it,' said Alice, `and if it makes me grow larger,

Sending: I can reach the key; and if it makes me grow smaller, I can creep

Sending: under the door; so either way I'll get into the garden, and I

Sending: don't care which happens!'

Sending: 

Sending:   She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, `Which

Sending: way?  Which way?', holding her hand on the top of her head to

Sending: feel which way it was growing, and she was quite surprised to

Sending: find that she remained the same size:  to be sure, this generally

Sending: happens when one eats cake, but Alice had got so much into the

Sending: way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen,

Sending: that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the

Sending: common way.

Sending: 

Sending:   So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.

Sending: 

Sending:      *       *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:          *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:      *       *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER II

Sending: 

Sending:                         The Pool of Tears

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   `Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much

Sending: surprised, that for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good

Sending: English); `now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that

Sending: ever was!  Good-bye, feet!' (for when she looked down at her

Sending: feet, they seemed to be almost out of sight, they were getting so

Sending: far off).  `Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on

Sending: your shoes and stockings for you now, dears?  I'm sure _I_ shan't

Sending: be able!  I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself

Sending: about you:  you must manage the best way you can; --but I must be

Sending: kind to them,' thought Alice, `or perhaps they won't walk the

Sending: way I want to go!  Let me see:  I'll give them a new pair of

Sending: boots every Christmas.'

Sending: 

Sending:   And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it.

Sending: `They must go by the carrier,' she thought; `and how funny it'll

Sending: seem, sending presents to one's own feet!  And how odd the

Sending: directions will look!

Sending: 

Sending:             ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.

Sending:                 HEARTHRUG,

Sending:                     NEAR THE FENDER,

Sending:                         (WITH ALICE'S LOVE).

Sending: 

Sending: Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall:  in

Sending: fact she was now more than nine feet high, and she at once took

Sending: up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.

Sending: 

Sending:   Poor Alice!  It was as much as she could do, lying down on one

Sending: side, to look through into the garden with one eye; but to get

Sending: through was more hopeless than ever:  she sat down and began to

Sending: cry again.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You ought to be ashamed of yourself,' said Alice, `a great

Sending: girl like you,' (she might well say this), `to go on crying in

Sending: this way!  Stop this moment, I tell you!'  But she went on all

Sending: the same, shedding gallons of tears, until there was a large pool

Sending: all round her, about four inches deep and reaching half down the

Sending: hall.

Sending: 

Sending:   After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the

Sending: distance, and she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming.

Sending: It was the White Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a

Sending: pair of white kid gloves in one hand and a large fan in the

Sending: other:  he came trotting along in a great hurry, muttering to

Sending: himself as he came, `Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess! Oh! won't she

Sending: be savage if I've kept her waiting!'  Alice felt so desperate

Sending: that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit

Sending: came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, `If you please,

Sending: sir--'  The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid

Sending: gloves and the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard

Sending: as he could go.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very

Sending: hot, she kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking:

Sending: `Dear, dear!  How queer everything is to-day!  And yesterday

Sending: things went on just as usual.  I wonder if I've been changed in

Sending: the night?  Let me think:  was I the same when I got up this

Sending: morning?  I almost think I can remember feeling a little

Sending: different.  But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who in

Sending: the world am I?  Ah, THAT'S the great puzzle!'  And she began

Sending: thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age

Sending: as herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of

Sending: them.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm sure I'm not Ada,' she said, `for her hair goes in such

Sending: long ringlets, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm

Sending: sure I can't be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she,

Sending: oh! she knows such a very little!  Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I,

Sending: and--oh dear, how puzzling it all is!  I'll try if I know all the

Sending: things I used to know.  Let me see:  four times five is twelve,

Sending: and four times six is thirteen, and four times seven is--oh dear!

Sending: I shall never get to twenty at that rate!  However, the

Sending: Multiplication Table doesn't signify:  let's try Geography.

Sending: London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome,

Sending: and Rome--no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain!  I must have been

Sending: changed for Mabel!  I'll try and say "How doth the little--"'

Sending: and she crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons,

Sending: and began to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and

Sending: strange, and the words did not come the same as they used to do:--

Sending: 

Sending:             `How doth the little crocodile

Sending:               Improve his shining tail,

Sending:             And pour the waters of the Nile

Sending:               On every golden scale!

Sending: 

Sending:             `How cheerfully he seems to grin,

Sending:               How neatly spread his claws,

Sending:             And welcome little fishes in

Sending:               With gently smiling jaws!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm sure those are not the right words,' said poor Alice, and

Sending: her eyes filled with tears again as she went on, `I must be Mabel

Sending: after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little

Sending: house, and have next to no toys to play with, and oh! ever so

Sending: many lessons to learn!  No, I've made up my mind about it; if I'm

Sending: Mabel, I'll stay down here!  It'll be no use their putting their

Sending: heads down and saying "Come up again, dear!"  I shall only look

Sending: up and say "Who am I then?  Tell me that first, and then, if I

Sending: like being that person, I'll come up:  if not, I'll stay down

Sending: here till I'm somebody else"--but, oh dear!' cried Alice, with a

Sending: sudden burst of tears, `I do wish they WOULD put their heads

Sending: down!  I am so VERY tired of being all alone here!'

Sending: 

Sending:   As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was

Sending: surprised to see that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little

Sending: white kid gloves while she was talking.  `How CAN I have done

Sending: that?' she thought.  `I must be growing small again.'  She got up

Sending: and went to the table to measure herself by it, and found that,

Sending: as nearly as she could guess, she was now about two feet high,

Sending: and was going on shrinking rapidly:  she soon found out that the

Sending: cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped it

Sending: hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.

Sending: 

Sending: `That WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at

Sending: the sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in

Sending: existence; `and now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed

Sending: back to the little door:  but, alas! the little door was shut

Sending: again, and the little golden key was lying on the glass table as

Sending: before, `and things are worse than ever,' thought the poor child,

Sending: `for I never was so small as this before, never!  And I declare

Sending: it's too bad, that it is!'

Sending: 

Sending:   As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another

Sending: moment, splash! she was up to her chin in salt water.  Her first

Sending: idea was that she had somehow fallen into the sea, `and in that

Sending: case I can go back by railway,' she said to herself.  (Alice had

Sending: been to the seaside once in her life, and had come to the general

Sending: conclusion, that wherever you go to on the English coast you find

Sending: a number of bathing machines in the sea, some children digging in

Sending: the sand with wooden spades, then a row of lodging houses, and

Sending: behind them a railway station.)  However, she soon made out that

Sending: she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she was nine

Sending: feet high.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I wish I hadn't cried so much!' said Alice, as she swam about,

Sending: trying to find her way out.  `I shall be punished for it now, I

Sending: suppose, by being drowned in my own tears!  That WILL be a queer

Sending: thing, to be sure!  However, everything is queer to-day.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a

Sending: little way off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was:  at

Sending: first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then

Sending: she remembered how small she was now, and she soon made out that

Sending: it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Would it be of any use, now,' thought Alice, `to speak to this

Sending: mouse?  Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should

Sending: think very likely it can talk:  at any rate, there's no harm in

Sending: trying.'  So she began:  `O Mouse, do you know the way out of

Sending: this pool?  I am very tired of swimming about here, O Mouse!'

Sending: (Alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse:

Sending: she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having

Sending: seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, `A mouse--of a mouse--to a

Sending: mouse--a mouse--O mouse!'  The Mouse looked at her rather

Sending: inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little

Sending: eyes, but it said nothing.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Perhaps it doesn't understand English,' thought Alice; `I

Sending: daresay it's a French mouse, come over with William the

Sending: Conqueror.'  (For, with all her knowledge of history, Alice had

Sending: no very clear notion how long ago anything had happened.)  So she

Sending: began again:  `Ou est ma chatte?' which was the first sentence in

Sending: her French lesson-book.  The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the

Sending: water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.  `Oh, I beg

Sending: your pardon!' cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt the

Sending: poor animal's feelings.  `I quite forgot you didn't like cats.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not like cats!' cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate

Sending: voice.  `Would YOU like cats if you were me?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a soothing tone:  `don't be

Sending: angry about it.  And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah:

Sending: I think you'd take a fancy to cats if you could only see her.

Sending: She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice went on, half to herself,

Sending: as she swam lazily about in the pool, `and she sits purring so

Sending: nicely by the fire, licking her paws and washing her face--and

Sending: she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's such a capital

Sending: one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!' cried Alice again,

Sending: for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she felt

Sending: certain it must be really offended.  `We won't talk about her any

Sending: more if you'd rather not.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `We indeed!' cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end

Sending: of his tail.  `As if I would talk on such a subject!  Our family

Sending: always HATED cats:  nasty, low, vulgar things!  Don't let me hear

Sending: the name again!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I won't indeed!' said Alice, in a great hurry to change the

Sending: subject of conversation.  `Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?'

Sending: The Mouse did not answer, so Alice went on eagerly:  `There is

Sending: such a nice little dog near our house I should like to show you!

Sending: A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly

Sending: brown hair!  And it'll fetch things when you throw them, and

Sending: it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts of things--I

Sending: can't remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer, you

Sending: know, and he says it's so useful, it's worth a hundred pounds!

Sending: He says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a

Sending: sorrowful tone, `I'm afraid I've offended it again!'  For the

Sending: Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could go, and

Sending: making quite a commotion in the pool as it went.

Sending: 

Sending:   So she called softly after it, `Mouse dear!  Do come back

Sending: again, and we won't talk about cats or dogs either, if you don't

Sending: like them!'  When the Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam

Sending: slowly back to her:  its face was quite pale (with passion, Alice

Sending: thought), and it said in a low trembling voice, `Let us get to

Sending: the shore, and then I'll tell you my history, and you'll

Sending: understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.'

Sending: 

Sending:   It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded

Sending: with the birds and animals that had fallen into it:  there were a

Sending: Duck and a Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious

Sending: creatures.  Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the

Sending: shore.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER III

Sending: 

Sending:                   A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the

Sending: bank--the birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their

Sending: fur clinging close to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and

Sending: uncomfortable.

Sending: 

Sending:   The first question of course was, how to get dry again:  they

Sending: had a consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed

Sending: quite natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with

Sending: them, as if she had known them all her life.  Indeed, she had

Sending: quite a long argument with the Lory, who at last turned sulky,

Sending: and would only say, `I am older than you, and must know better';

Sending: and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was,

Sending: and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its age, there was no

Sending: more to be said.

Sending: 

Sending:   At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among

Sending: them, called out, `Sit down, all of you, and listen to me!  I'LL

Sending: soon make you dry enough!'  They all sat down at once, in a large

Sending: ring, with the Mouse in the middle.  Alice kept her eyes

Sending: anxiously fixed on it, for she felt sure she would catch a bad

Sending: cold if she did not get dry very soon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, `are you all ready?

Sending: This is the driest thing I know.  Silence all round, if you please!

Sending: "William the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was

Sending: soon submitted to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been

Sending: of late much accustomed to usurpation and conquest.  Edwin and

Sending: Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria--"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Ugh!' said the Lory, with a shiver.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I beg your pardon!' said the Mouse, frowning, but very

Sending: politely:  `Did you speak?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not I!' said the Lory hastily.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I thought you did,' said the Mouse.  `--I proceed.  "Edwin and

Sending: Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him:

Sending: and even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found

Sending: it advisable--"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Found WHAT?' said the Duck.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Found IT,' the Mouse replied rather crossly:  `of course you

Sending: know what "it" means.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I know what "it" means well enough, when I find a thing,' said

Sending: the Duck:  `it's generally a frog or a worm.  The question is,

Sending: what did the archbishop find?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on,

Sending: `"--found it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William

Sending: and offer him the crown.  William's conduct at first was

Sending: moderate.  But the insolence of his Normans--"  How are you

Sending: getting on now, my dear?' it continued, turning to Alice as it

Sending: spoke.

Sending: 

Sending:   `As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone:  `it doesn't

Sending: seem to dry me at all.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `In that case,' said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, `I

Sending: move that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more

Sending: energetic remedies--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Speak English!' said the Eaglet.  `I don't know the meaning of

Sending: half those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do

Sending: either!'  And the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile:

Sending: some of the other birds tittered audibly.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What I was going to say,' said the Dodo in an offended tone,

Sending: `was, that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What IS a Caucus-race?' said Alice; not that she wanted much

Sending: to know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY

Sending: ought to speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why,' said the Dodo, `the best way to explain it is to do it.'

Sending: (And, as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter

Sending: day, I will tell you how the Dodo managed it.)

Sending: 

Sending:   First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, (`the

Sending: exact shape doesn't matter,' it said,) and then all the party

Sending: were placed along the course, here and there.  There was no `One,

Sending: two, three, and away,' but they began running when they liked,

Sending: and left off when they liked, so that it was not easy to know

Sending: when the race was over.  However, when they had been running half

Sending: an hour or so, and were quite dry again, the Dodo suddenly called

Sending: out `The race is over!' and they all crowded round it, panting,

Sending: and asking, `But who has won?'

Sending: 

Sending:   This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of

Sending: thought, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon

Sending: its forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare,

Sending: in the pictures of him), while the rest waited in silence.  At

Sending: last the Dodo said, `EVERYBODY has won, and all must have

Sending: prizes.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But who is to give the prizes?' quite a chorus of voices

Sending: asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with

Sending: one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her,

Sending: calling out in a confused way, `Prizes! Prizes!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand

Sending: in her pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt

Sending: water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes.

Sending: There was exactly one a-piece all round.

Sending: 

Sending:   `But she must have a prize herself, you know,' said the Mouse.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course,' the Dodo replied very gravely.  `What else have

Sending: you got in your pocket?' he went on, turning to Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Only a thimble,' said Alice sadly.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.

Sending: 

Sending:   Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo

Sending: solemnly presented the thimble, saying `We beg your acceptance of

Sending: this elegant thimble'; and, when it had finished this short

Sending: speech, they all cheered.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked

Sending: so grave that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not

Sending: think of anything to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble,

Sending: looking as solemn as she could.

Sending: 

Sending:   The next thing was to eat the comfits:  this caused some noise

Sending: and confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not

Sending: taste theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on

Sending: the back.  However, it was over at last, and they sat down again

Sending: in a ring, and begged the Mouse to tell them something more.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You promised to tell me your history, you know,' said Alice,

Sending: `and why it is you hate--C and D,' she added in a whisper, half

Sending: afraid that it would be offended again.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Mine is a long and a sad tale!' said the Mouse, turning to

Sending: Alice, and sighing.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It IS a long tail, certainly,' said Alice, looking down with

Sending: wonder at the Mouse's tail; `but why do you call it sad?'  And

Sending: she kept on puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so

Sending: that her idea of the tale was something like this:--

Sending: 

Sending:                     `Fury said to a

Sending:                    mouse, That he

Sending:                  met in the

Sending:                house,

Sending:             "Let us

Sending:               both go to

Sending:                 law:  I will

Sending:                   prosecute

Sending:                     YOU.  --Come,

Sending:                        I'll take no

Sending:                         denial; We

Sending:                      must have a

Sending:                  trial:  For

Sending:               really this

Sending:            morning I've

Sending:           nothing

Sending:          to do."

Sending:            Said the

Sending:              mouse to the

Sending:                cur, "Such

Sending:                  a trial,

Sending:                    dear Sir,

Sending:                          With

Sending:                      no jury

Sending:                   or judge,

Sending:                 would be

Sending:               wasting

Sending:              our

Sending:               breath."

Sending:                "I'll be

Sending:                  judge, I'll

Sending:                    be jury,"

Sending:                          Said

Sending:                     cunning

Sending:                       old Fury:

Sending:                      "I'll

Sending:                       try the

Sending:                          whole

Sending:                           cause,

Sending:                              and

Sending:                         condemn

Sending:                        you

Sending:                       to

Sending:                        death."'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   `You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely.

Sending: `What are you thinking of?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly:  `you had got to

Sending: the fifth bend, I think?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I had NOT!' cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.

Sending: 

Sending:   `A knot!' said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and

Sending: looking anxiously about her.  `Oh, do let me help to undo it!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I shall do nothing of the sort,' said the Mouse, getting up

Sending: and walking away.  `You insult me by talking such nonsense!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I didn't mean it!' pleaded poor Alice.  `But you're so easily

Sending: offended, you know!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Mouse only growled in reply.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Please come back and finish your story!' Alice called after

Sending: it; and the others all joined in chorus, `Yes, please do!' but

Sending: the Mouse only shook its head impatiently, and walked a little

Sending: quicker.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What a pity it wouldn't stay!' sighed the Lory, as soon as it

Sending: was quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of

Sending: saying to her daughter `Ah, my dear!  Let this be a lesson to you

Sending: never to lose YOUR temper!'  `Hold your tongue, Ma!' said the

Sending: young Crab, a little snappishly.  `You're enough to try the

Sending: patience of an oyster!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!' said Alice aloud,

Sending: addressing nobody in particular.  `She'd soon fetch it back!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?'

Sending: said the Lory.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about

Sending: her pet:  `Dinah's our cat.  And she's such a capital one for

Sending: catching mice you can't think!  And oh, I wish you could see her

Sending: after the birds!  Why, she'll eat a little bird as soon as look

Sending: at it!'

Sending: 

Sending:   This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party.

Sending: Some of the birds hurried off at once:  one old Magpie began

Sending: wrapping itself up very carefully, remarking, `I really must be

Sending: getting home; the night-air doesn't suit my throat!' and a Canary

Sending: called out in a trembling voice to its children, `Come away, my

Sending: dears!  It's high time you were all in bed!'  On various pretexts

Sending: they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah!' she said to herself in a

Sending: melancholy tone.  `Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I'm

Sending: sure she's the best cat in the world!  Oh, my dear Dinah!  I

Sending: wonder if I shall ever see you any more!'  And here poor Alice

Sending: began to cry again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited.

Sending: In a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of

Sending: footsteps in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half hoping

Sending: that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming back to

Sending: finish his story.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER IV

Sending: 

Sending:                 The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and

Sending: looking anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something;

Sending: and she heard it muttering to itself `The Duchess!  The Duchess!

Sending: Oh my dear paws!  Oh my fur and whiskers!  She'll get me

Sending: executed, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!  Where CAN I have

Sending: dropped them, I wonder?'  Alice guessed in a moment that it was

Sending: looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves, and she

Sending: very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were

Sending: nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her

Sending: swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and

Sending: the little door, had vanished completely.

Sending: 

Sending:   Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about,

Sending: and called out to her in an angry tone, `Why, Mary Ann, what ARE

Sending: you doing out here?  Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of

Sending: gloves and a fan!  Quick, now!'  And Alice was so much frightened

Sending: that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without

Sending: trying to explain the mistake it had made.

Sending: 

Sending:   `He took me for his housemaid,' she said to herself as she ran.

Sending: `How surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am!  But I'd

Sending: better take him his fan and gloves--that is, if I can find them.'

Sending: As she said this, she came upon a neat little house, on the door

Sending: of which was a bright brass plate with the name `W. RABBIT'

Sending: engraved upon it.  She went in without knocking, and hurried

Sending: upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the real Mary Ann,

Sending: and be turned out of the house before she had found the fan and

Sending: gloves.

Sending: 

Sending:   `How queer it seems,' Alice said to herself, `to be going

Sending: messages for a rabbit!  I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on

Sending: messages next!'  And she began fancying the sort of thing that

Sending: would happen:  `"Miss Alice!  Come here directly, and get ready

Sending: for your walk!" "Coming in a minute, nurse!  But I've got to see

Sending: that the mouse doesn't get out."  Only I don't think,' Alice went

Sending: on, `that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it began ordering

Sending: people about like that!'

Sending: 

Sending:   By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with

Sending: a table in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two

Sending: or three pairs of tiny white kid gloves:  she took up the fan and

Sending: a pair of the gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when

Sending: her eye fell upon a little bottle that stood near the looking-

Sending: glass.  There was no label this time with the words `DRINK ME,'

Sending: but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips.  `I know

Sending: SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said to herself,

Sending: `whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what this

Sending: bottle does.  I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for

Sending: really I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'

Sending: 

Sending:   It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected:

Sending: before she had drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing

Sending: against the ceiling, and had to stoop to save her neck from being

Sending: broken.  She hastily put down the bottle, saying to herself

Sending: `That's quite enough--I hope I shan't grow any more--As it is, I

Sending: can't get out at the door--I do wish I hadn't drunk quite so

Sending: much!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alas! it was too late to wish that!  She went on growing, and

Sending: growing, and very soon had to kneel down on the floor:  in

Sending: another minute there was not even room for this, and she tried

Sending: the effect of lying down with one elbow against the door, and the

Sending: other arm curled round her head.  Still she went on growing, and,

Sending: as a last resource, she put one arm out of the window, and one

Sending: foot up the chimney, and said to herself `Now I can do no more,

Sending: whatever happens.  What WILL become of me?'

Sending: 

Sending:   Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full

Sending: effect, and she grew no larger:  still it was very uncomfortable,

Sending: and, as there seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting

Sending: out of the room again, no wonder she felt unhappy.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, `when one

Sending: wasn't always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about

Sending: by mice and rabbits.  I almost wish I hadn't gone down that

Sending: rabbit-hole--and yet--and yet--it's rather curious, you know,

Sending: this sort of life!  I do wonder what CAN have happened to me!

Sending: When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that kind of thing

Sending: never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!  There

Sending: ought to be a book written about me, that there ought!  And when

Sending: I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a

Sending: sorrowful tone; `at least there's no room to grow up any more

Sending: HERE.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But then,' thought Alice, `shall I NEVER get any older than I

Sending: am now?  That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman--

Sending: but then--always to have lessons to learn!  Oh, I shouldn't like THAT!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, you foolish Alice!' she answered herself.  `How can you

Sending: learn lessons in here?  Why, there's hardly room for YOU, and no

Sending: room at all for any lesson-books!'

Sending: 

Sending:   And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other,

Sending: and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few

Sending: minutes she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Mary Ann!  Mary Ann!' said the voice.  `Fetch me my gloves

Sending: this moment!'  Then came a little pattering of feet on the

Sending: stairs.  Alice knew it was the Rabbit coming to look for her, and

Sending: she trembled till she shook the house, quite forgetting that she

Sending: was now about a thousand times as large as the Rabbit, and had no

Sending: reason to be afraid of it.

Sending: 

Sending:   Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it;

Sending: but, as the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed

Sending: hard against it, that attempt proved a failure.  Alice heard it

Sending: say to itself `Then I'll go round and get in at the window.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `THAT you won't' thought Alice, and, after waiting till she

Sending: fancied she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly

Sending: spread out her hand, and made a snatch in the air.  She did not

Sending: get hold of anything, but she heard a little shriek and a fall,

Sending: and a crash of broken glass, from which she concluded that it was

Sending: just possible it had fallen into a cucumber-frame, or something

Sending: of the sort.

Sending: 

Sending:   Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--`Pat! Pat!  Where are

Sending: you?'  And then a voice she had never heard before, `Sure then

Sending: I'm here!  Digging for apples, yer honour!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Digging for apples, indeed!' said the Rabbit angrily.  `Here!

Sending: Come and help me out of THIS!'  (Sounds of more broken glass.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `Now tell me, Pat, what's that in the window?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Sure, it's an arm, yer honour!'  (He pronounced it `arrum.')

Sending: 

Sending:   `An arm, you goose!   Who ever saw one that size?  Why, it

Sending: fills the whole window!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Sure, it does, yer honour:  but it's an arm for all that.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, it's got no business there, at any rate:  go and take it

Sending: away!'

Sending: 

Sending:   There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear

Sending: whispers now and then; such as, `Sure, I don't like it, yer

Sending: honour, at all, at all!'  `Do as I tell you, you coward!' and at

Sending: last she spread out her hand again, and made another snatch in

Sending: the air.  This time there were TWO little shrieks, and more

Sending: sounds of broken glass.  `What a number of cucumber-frames there

Sending: must be!' thought Alice.  `I wonder what they'll do next!  As for

Sending: pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD!  I'm sure I

Sending: don't want to stay in here any longer!'

Sending: 

Sending:   She waited for some time without hearing anything more:  at

Sending: last came a rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a

Sending: good many voices all talking together:  she made out the words:

Sending: `Where's the other ladder?--Why, I hadn't to bring but one;

Sending: Bill's got the other--Bill! fetch it here, lad!--Here, put 'em up

Sending: at this corner--No, tie 'em together first--they don't reach half

Sending: high enough yet--Oh! they'll do well enough; don't be particular--

Sending: Here, Bill! catch hold of this rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind

Sending: that loose slate--Oh, it's coming down!  Heads below!' (a loud

Sending: crash)--`Now, who did that?--It was Bill, I fancy--Who's to go

Sending: down the chimney?--Nay, I shan't! YOU do it!--That I won't,

Sending: then!--Bill's to go down--Here, Bill! the master says you're to

Sending: go down the chimney!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh! So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?' said

Sending: Alice to herself.  `Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill!

Sending: I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal:  this fireplace is

Sending: narrow, to be sure; but I THINK I can kick a little!'

Sending: 

Sending:   She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and

Sending: waited till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what

Sending: sort it was) scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close

Sending: above her:  then, saying to herself `This is Bill,' she gave one

Sending: sharp kick, and waited to see what would happen next.

Sending: 

Sending:   The first thing she heard was a general chorus of `There goes

Sending: Bill!' then the Rabbit's voice along--`Catch him, you by the

Sending: hedge!' then silence, and then another confusion of voices--`Hold

Sending: up his head--Brandy now--Don't choke him--How was it, old fellow?

Sending: What happened to you?  Tell us all about it!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (`That's Bill,'

Sending: thought Alice,) `Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I'm

Sending: better now--but I'm a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know

Sending: is, something comes at me like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes

Sending: like a sky-rocket!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `So you did, old fellow!' said the others.

Sending: 

Sending:   `We must burn the house down!' said the Rabbit's voice; and

Sending: Alice called out as loud as she could, `If you do.  I'll set

Sending: Dinah at you!'

Sending: 

Sending:   There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to

Sending: herself, `I wonder what they WILL do next!  If they had any

Sending: sense, they'd take the roof off.'  After a minute or two, they

Sending: began moving about again, and Alice heard the Rabbit say, `A

Sending: barrowful will do, to begin with.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `A barrowful of WHAT?' thought Alice; but she had not long to

Sending: doubt, for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came

Sending: rattling in at the window, and some of them hit her in the face.

Sending: `I'll put a stop to this,' she said to herself, and shouted out,

Sending: `You'd better not do that again!' which produced another dead

Sending: silence.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all

Sending: turning into little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright

Sending: idea came into her head.  `If I eat one of these cakes,' she

Sending: thought, `it's sure to make SOME change in my size; and as it

Sending: can't possibly make me larger, it must make me smaller, I

Sending: suppose.'

Sending: 

Sending:   So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find

Sending: that she began shrinking directly.  As soon as she was small

Sending: enough to get through the door, she ran out of the house, and

Sending: found quite a crowd of little animals and birds waiting outside.

Sending: The poor little Lizard, Bill, was in the middle, being held up by

Sending: two guinea-pigs, who were giving it something out of a bottle.

Sending: They all made a rush at Alice the moment she appeared; but she

Sending: ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself safe in a

Sending: thick wood.

Sending: 

Sending:   `The first thing I've got to do,' said Alice to herself, as she

Sending: wandered about in the wood, `is to grow to my right size again;

Sending: and the second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden.

Sending: I think that will be the best plan.'

Sending: 

Sending:   It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and

Sending: simply arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the

Sending: smallest idea how to set about it; and while she was peering

Sending: about anxiously among the trees, a little sharp bark just over

Sending: her head made her look up in a great hurry.

Sending: 

Sending:   An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round

Sending: eyes, and feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her.

Sending: `Poor little thing!' said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried

Sending: hard to whistle to it; but she was terribly frightened all the

Sending: time at the thought that it might be hungry, in which case it

Sending: would be very likely to eat her up in spite of all her coaxing.

Sending: 

Sending:   Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of

Sending: stick, and held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped

Sending: into the air off all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight,

Sending: and rushed at the stick, and made believe to worry it; then Alice

Sending: dodged behind a great thistle, to keep herself from being run

Sending: over; and the moment she appeared on the other side, the puppy

Sending: made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head over heels in

Sending: its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was very

Sending: like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every

Sending: moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle

Sending: again; then the puppy began a series of short charges at the

Sending: stick, running a very little way forwards each time and a long

Sending: way back, and barking hoarsely all the while, till at last it sat

Sending: down a good way off, panting, with its tongue hanging out of its

Sending: mouth, and its great eyes half shut.

Sending: 

Sending:   This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape;

Sending: so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out

Sending: of breath, and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the

Sending: distance.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said Alice, as she

Sending: leant against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself

Sending: with one of the leaves:  `I should have liked teaching it tricks

Sending: very much, if--if I'd only been the right size to do it!  Oh

Sending: dear!  I'd nearly forgotten that I've got to grow up again!  Let

Sending: me see--how IS it to be managed?  I suppose I ought to eat or

Sending: drink something or other; but the great question is, what?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The great question certainly was, what?  Alice looked all round

Sending: her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see

Sending: anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under

Sending: the circumstances.  There was a large mushroom growing near her,

Sending: about the same height as herself; and when she had looked under

Sending: it, and on both sides of it, and behind it, it occurred to her

Sending: that she might as well look and see what was on the top of it.

Sending: 

Sending:   She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of

Sending: the mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large

Sending: caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded,

Sending: quietly smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice

Sending: of her or of anything else.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                             CHAPTER V

Sending: 

Sending:                     Advice from a Caterpillar

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in

Sending: silence:  at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its

Sending: mouth, and addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Who are YOU?' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.  Alice

Sending: replied, rather shyly, `I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--

Sending: at least I know who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think

Sending: I must have been changed several times since then.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What do you mean by that?' said the Caterpillar sternly.

Sending: `Explain yourself!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, `because

Sending: I'm not myself, you see.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't see,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,' Alice replied very

Sending: politely, `for I can't understand it myself to begin with; and

Sending: being so many different sizes in a day is very confusing.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It isn't,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; `but

Sending: when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you

Sending: know--and then after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll

Sending: feel it a little queer, won't you?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not a bit,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,' said Alice;

Sending: `all I know is, it would feel very queer to ME.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You!' said the Caterpillar contemptuously.  `Who are YOU?'

Sending: 

Sending:   Which brought them back again to the beginning of the

Sending: conversation.  Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's

Sending: making such VERY short remarks, and she drew herself up and said,

Sending: very gravely, `I think, you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why?' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not

Sending: think of any good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in

Sending: a VERY unpleasant state of mind, she turned away.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come back!' the Caterpillar called after her.  `I've something

Sending: important to say!'

Sending: 

Sending:   This sounded promising, certainly:  Alice turned and came back

Sending: again.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Keep your temper,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Is that all?' said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as

Sending: she could.

Sending: 

Sending:   `No,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else

Sending: to do, and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth

Sending: hearing.  For some minutes it puffed away without speaking, but

Sending: at last it unfolded its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth

Sending: again, and said, `So you think you're changed, do you?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm afraid I am, sir,' said Alice; `I can't remember things as

Sending: I used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Can't remember WHAT things?' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, I've tried to say "HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE," but it

Sending: all came different!' Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Repeat, "YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,"' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice folded her hands, and began:--

Sending: 

Sending:     `You are old, Father William,' the young man said,

Sending:       `And your hair has become very white;

Sending:     And yet you incessantly stand on your head--

Sending:       Do you think, at your age, it is right?'

Sending: 

Sending:     `In my youth,' Father William replied to his son,

Sending:       `I feared it might injure the brain;

Sending:     But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,

Sending:       Why, I do it again and again.'

Sending: 

Sending:     `You are old,' said the youth, `as I mentioned before,

Sending:       And have grown most uncommonly fat;

Sending:     Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door--

Sending:       Pray, what is the reason of that?'

Sending: 

Sending:     `In my youth,' said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,

Sending:       `I kept all my limbs very supple

Sending:     By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box--

Sending:       Allow me to sell you a couple?'

Sending: 

Sending:     `You are old,' said the youth, `and your jaws are too weak

Sending:       For anything tougher than suet;

Sending:     Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak--

Sending:       Pray how did you manage to do it?'

Sending: 

Sending:     `In my youth,' said his father, `I took to the law,

Sending:       And argued each case with my wife;

Sending:     And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,

Sending:       Has lasted the rest of my life.'

Sending: 

Sending:     `You are old,' said the youth, `one would hardly suppose

Sending:       That your eye was as steady as ever;

Sending:     Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose--

Sending:       What made you so awfully clever?'

Sending: 

Sending:     `I have answered three questions, and that is enough,'

Sending:       Said his father; `don't give yourself airs!

Sending:     Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?

Sending:       Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   `That is not said right,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not QUITE right, I'm afraid,' said Alice, timidly; `some of the

Sending: words have got altered.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It is wrong from beginning to end,' said the Caterpillar

Sending: decidedly, and there was silence for some minutes.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Caterpillar was the first to speak.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What size do you want to be?' it asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, I'm not particular as to size,' Alice hastily replied;

Sending: `only one doesn't like changing so often, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I DON'T know,' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice said nothing:  she had never been so much contradicted in

Sending: her life before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Are you content now?' said the Caterpillar.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, I should like to be a LITTLE larger, sir, if you

Sending: wouldn't mind,' said Alice:  `three inches is such a wretched

Sending: height to be.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It is a very good height indeed!' said the Caterpillar

Sending: angrily, rearing itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three

Sending: inches high).

Sending: 

Sending:   `But I'm not used to it!' pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone.

Sending: And she thought of herself, `I wish the creatures wouldn't be so

Sending: easily offended!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You'll get used to it in time,' said the Caterpillar; and it

Sending: put the hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.

Sending: 

Sending:   This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again.

Sending: In a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its

Sending: mouth and yawned once or twice, and shook itself.  Then it got

Sending: down off the mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely

Sending: remarking as it went, `One side will make you grow taller, and

Sending: the other side will make you grow shorter.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `One side of WHAT?  The other side of WHAT?' thought Alice to

Sending: herself.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of the mushroom,' said the Caterpillar, just as if she had

Sending: asked it aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a

Sending: minute, trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as

Sending: it was perfectly round, she found this a very difficult question.

Sending: However, at last she stretched her arms round it as far as they

Sending: would go, and broke off a bit of the edge with each hand.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And now which is which?' she said to herself, and nibbled a

Sending: little of the right-hand bit to try the effect:  the next moment

Sending: she felt a violent blow underneath her chin:  it had struck her

Sending: foot!

Sending: 

Sending:   She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but

Sending: she felt that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking

Sending: rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.

Sending: Her chin was pressed so closely against her foot, that there was

Sending: hardly room to open her mouth; but she did it at last, and

Sending: managed to swallow a morsel of the lefthand bit.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:      *       *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:          *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:      *       *       *       *       *       *       *

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come, my head's free at last!' said Alice in a tone of

Sending: delight, which changed into alarm in another moment, when she

Sending: found that her shoulders were nowhere to be found:  all she could

Sending: see, when she looked down, was an immense length of neck, which

Sending: seemed to rise like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay

Sending: far below her.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What CAN all that green stuff be?' said Alice.  `And where

Sending: HAVE my shoulders got to?  And oh, my poor hands, how is it I

Sending: can't see you?'  She was moving them about as she spoke, but no

Sending: result seemed to follow, except a little shaking among the

Sending: distant green leaves.

Sending: 

Sending:   As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her

Sending: head, she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted

Sending: to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction,

Sending: like a serpent.  She had just succeeded in curving it down into a

Sending: graceful zigzag, and was going to dive in among the leaves, which

Sending: she found to be nothing but the tops of the trees under which she

Sending: had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made her draw back in a

Sending: hurry:  a large pigeon had flown into her face, and was beating

Sending: her violently with its wings.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Serpent!' screamed the Pigeon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm NOT a serpent!' said Alice indignantly.  `Let me alone!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Serpent, I say again!' repeated the Pigeon, but in a more

Sending: subdued tone, and added with a kind of sob, `I've tried every

Sending: way, and nothing seems to suit them!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I haven't the least idea what you're talking about,' said

Sending: Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I've tried the roots of trees, and I've tried banks, and I've

Sending: tried hedges,' the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; `but

Sending: those serpents!  There's no pleasing them!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no

Sending: use in saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.

Sending: 

Sending:   `As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs,' said the

Sending: Pigeon; `but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and

Sending: day!  Why, I haven't had a wink of sleep these three weeks!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm very sorry you've been annoyed,' said Alice, who was

Sending: beginning to see its meaning.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the wood,' continued

Sending: the Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, `and just as I was

Sending: thinking I should be free of them at last, they must needs come

Sending: wriggling down from the sky!  Ugh, Serpent!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But I'm NOT a serpent, I tell you!' said Alice.  `I'm a--I'm

Sending: a--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well!  WHAT are you?' said the Pigeon.  `I can see you're

Sending: trying to invent something!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I--I'm a little girl,' said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she

Sending: remembered the number of changes she had gone through that day.

Sending: 

Sending:   `A likely story indeed!' said the Pigeon in a tone of the

Sending: deepest contempt.  `I've seen a good many little girls in my

Sending: time, but never ONE with such a neck as that!  No, no!  You're a

Sending: serpent; and there's no use denying it.  I suppose you'll be

Sending: telling me next that you never tasted an egg!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,' said Alice, who was a very

Sending: truthful child; `but little girls eat eggs quite as much as

Sending: serpents do, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't believe it,' said the Pigeon; `but if they do, why

Sending: then they're a kind of serpent, that's all I can say.'

Sending: 

Sending:   This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent

Sending: for a minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of

Sending: adding, `You're looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and

Sending: what does it matter to me whether you're a little girl or a

Sending: serpent?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It matters a good deal to ME,' said Alice hastily; `but I'm

Sending: not looking for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn't

Sending: want YOURS:  I don't like them raw.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, be off, then!' said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it

Sending: settled down again into its nest.  Alice crouched down among the

Sending: trees as well as she could, for her neck kept getting entangled

Sending: among the branches, and every now and then she had to stop and

Sending: untwist it.  After a while she remembered that she still held the

Sending: pieces of mushroom in her hands, and she set to work very

Sending: carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the other, and

Sending: growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had

Sending: succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.

Sending: 

Sending:   It was so long since she had been anything near the right size,

Sending: that it felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a

Sending: few minutes, and began talking to herself, as usual.  `Come,

Sending: there's half my plan done now!  How puzzling all these changes

Sending: are!  I'm never sure what I'm going to be, from one minute to

Sending: another!  However, I've got back to my right size:  the next

Sending: thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be

Sending: done, I wonder?'  As she said this, she came suddenly upon an

Sending: open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.

Sending: `Whoever lives there,' thought Alice, `it'll never do to come

Sending: upon them THIS size:  why, I should frighten them out of their

Sending: wits!'  So she began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did

Sending: not venture to go near the house till she had brought herself

Sending: down to nine inches high.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER VI

Sending: 

Sending:                          Pig and Pepper

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and

Sending: wondering what to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came

Sending: running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman

Sending: because he was in livery:  otherwise, judging by his face only,

Sending: she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door

Sending: with his knuckles.  It was opened by another footman in livery,

Sending: with a round face, and large eyes like a frog; and both footmen,

Sending: Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their

Sending: heads.  She felt very curious to know what it was all about, and

Sending: crept a little way out of the wood to listen.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great

Sending: letter, nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to

Sending: the other, saying, in a solemn tone, `For the Duchess.  An

Sending: invitation from the Queen to play croquet.'  The Frog-Footman

Sending: repeated, in the same solemn tone, only changing the order of the

Sending: words a little, `From the Queen.  An invitation for the Duchess

Sending: to play croquet.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled

Sending: together.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into

Sending: the wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped

Sending: out the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the

Sending: ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `There's no sort of use in knocking,' said the Footman, `and

Sending: that for two reasons.  First, because I'm on the same side of the

Sending: door as you are; secondly, because they're making such a noise

Sending: inside, no one could possibly hear you.'  And certainly there was

Sending: a most extraordinary noise going on within--a constant howling

Sending: and sneezing, and every now and then a great crash, as if a dish

Sending: or kettle had been broken to pieces.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Please, then,' said Alice, `how am I to get in?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `There might be some sense in your knocking,' the Footman went

Sending: on without attending to her, `if we had the door between us.  For

Sending: instance, if you were INSIDE, you might knock, and I could let

Sending: you out, you know.'  He was looking up into the sky all the time

Sending: he was speaking, and this Alice thought decidedly uncivil.  `But

Sending: perhaps he can't help it,' she said to herself; `his eyes are so

Sending: VERY nearly at the top of his head.  But at any rate he might

Sending: answer questions.--How am I to get in?' she repeated, aloud.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I shall sit here,' the Footman remarked, `till tomorrow--'

Sending: 

Sending:   At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate

Sending: came skimming out, straight at the Footman's head:  it just

Sending: grazed his nose, and broke to pieces against one of the trees

Sending: behind him.

Sending: 

Sending:   `--or next day, maybe,' the Footman continued in the same tone,

Sending: exactly as if nothing had happened.

Sending: 

Sending:   `How am I to get in?' asked Alice again, in a louder tone.

Sending: 

Sending:   `ARE you to get in at all?' said the Footman.  `That's the

Sending: first question, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   It was, no doubt:  only Alice did not like to be told so.

Sending: `It's really dreadful,' she muttered to herself, `the way all the

Sending: creatures argue.  It's enough to drive one crazy!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for

Sending: repeating his remark, with variations.  `I shall sit here,' he

Sending: said, `on and off, for days and days.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But what am I to do?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Anything you like,' said the Footman, and began whistling.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, there's no use in talking to him,' said Alice desperately:

Sending: `he's perfectly idiotic!'  And she opened the door and went in.

Sending: 

Sending:   The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of

Sending: smoke from one end to the other:  the Duchess was sitting on a

Sending: three-legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was

Sending: leaning over the fire, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to

Sending: be full of soup.

Sending: 

Sending:   `There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!' Alice said to

Sending: herself, as well as she could for sneezing.

Sending: 

Sending:   There was certainly too much of it in the air.  Even the

Sending: Duchess sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was

Sending: sneezing and howling alternately without a moment's pause.  The

Sending: only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook,

Sending: and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from

Sending: ear to ear.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, for

Sending: she was not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to

Sending: speak first, `why your cat grins like that?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's a Cheshire cat,' said the Duchess, `and that's why.  Pig!'

Sending: 

Sending:   She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice

Sending: quite jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed

Sending: to the baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on

Sending: again:--

Sending: 

Sending:   `I didn't know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I

Sending: didn't know that cats COULD grin.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `They all can,' said the Duchess; `and most of 'em do.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't know of any that do,' Alice said very politely,

Sending: feeling quite pleased to have got into a conversation.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You don't know much,' said the Duchess; `and that's a fact.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought

Sending: it would be as well to introduce some other subject of

Sending: conversation.  While she was trying to fix on one, the cook took

Sending: the cauldron of soup off the fire, and at once set to work

Sending: throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby

Sending: --the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans,

Sending: plates, and dishes.  The Duchess took no notice of them even when

Sending: they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already, that it

Sending: was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, PLEASE mind what you're doing!' cried Alice, jumping up

Sending: and down in an agony of terror.  `Oh, there goes his PRECIOUS

Sending: nose'; as an unusually large saucepan flew close by it, and very

Sending: nearly carried it off.

Sending: 

Sending:   `If everybody minded their own business,' the Duchess said in a

Sending: hoarse growl, `the world would go round a deal faster than it

Sending: does.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Which would NOT be an advantage,' said Alice, who felt very

Sending: glad to get an opportunity of showing off a little of her

Sending: knowledge.  `Just think of what work it would make with the day

Sending: and night!  You see the earth takes twenty-four hours to turn

Sending: round on its axis--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Talking of axes,' said the Duchess, `chop off her head!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant

Sending: to take the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and

Sending: seemed not to be listening, so she went on again:  `Twenty-four

Sending: hours, I THINK; or is it twelve?  I--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, don't bother ME,' said the Duchess; `I never could abide

Sending: figures!'  And with that she began nursing her child again,

Sending: singing a sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a

Sending: violent shake at the end of every line:

Sending: 

Sending:         `Speak roughly to your little boy,

Sending:           And beat him when he sneezes:

Sending:         He only does it to annoy,

Sending:           Because he knows it teases.'

Sending: 

Sending:                     CHORUS.

Sending: 

Sending:     (In which the cook and the baby joined):--

Sending: 

Sending:                 `Wow! wow! wow!'

Sending: 

Sending:   While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept

Sending: tossing the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing

Sending: howled so, that Alice could hardly hear the words:--

Sending: 

Sending:         `I speak severely to my boy,

Sending:           I beat him when he sneezes;

Sending:         For he can thoroughly enjoy

Sending:           The pepper when he pleases!'

Sending: 

Sending:                     CHORUS.

Sending: 

Sending:                 `Wow! wow! wow!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!' the Duchess said

Sending: to Alice, flinging the baby at her as she spoke.  `I must go and

Sending: get ready to play croquet with the Queen,' and she hurried out of

Sending: the room.  The cook threw a frying-pan after her as she went out,

Sending: but it just missed her.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-

Sending: shaped little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all

Sending: directions, `just like a star-fish,' thought Alice.  The poor

Sending: little thing was snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it,

Sending: and kept doubling itself up and straightening itself out again,

Sending: so that altogether, for the first minute or two, it was as much

Sending: as she could do to hold it.

Sending: 

Sending:   As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it,

Sending: (which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep

Sending: tight hold of its right ear and left foot, so as to prevent its

Sending: undoing itself,) she carried it out into the open air.  `IF I

Sending: don't take this child away with me,' thought Alice, `they're sure

Sending: to kill it in a day or two:  wouldn't it be murder to leave it

Sending: behind?'  She said the last words out loud, and the little thing

Sending: grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).  `Don't

Sending: grunt,' said Alice; `that's not at all a proper way of expressing

Sending: yourself.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into

Sending: its face to see what was the matter with it.  There could be no

Sending: doubt that it had a VERY turn-up nose, much more like a snout

Sending: than a real nose; also its eyes were getting extremely small for

Sending: a baby:  altogether Alice did not like the look of the thing at

Sending: all.  `But perhaps it was only sobbing,' she thought, and looked

Sending: into its eyes again, to see if there were any tears.

Sending: 

Sending:   No, there were no tears.  `If you're going to turn into a pig,

Sending: my dear,' said Alice, seriously, `I'll have nothing more to do

Sending: with you.  Mind now!'  The poor little thing sobbed again (or

Sending: grunted, it was impossible to say which), and they went on for

Sending: some while in silence.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was just beginning to think to herself, `Now, what am I

Sending: to do with this creature when I get it home?' when it grunted

Sending: again, so violently, that she looked down into its face in some

Sending: alarm.  This time there could be NO mistake about it:  it was

Sending: neither more nor less than a pig, and she felt that it would be

Sending: quite absurd for her to carry it further.

Sending: 

Sending:   So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to

Sending: see it trot away quietly into the wood.  `If it had grown up,'

Sending: she said to herself, `it would have made a dreadfully ugly child:

Sending: but it makes rather a handsome pig, I think.'  And she began

Sending: thinking over other children she knew, who might do very well as

Sending: pigs, and was just saying to herself, `if one only knew the right

Sending: way to change them--' when she was a little startled by seeing

Sending: the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a tree a few yards off.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.  It looked good-

Sending: natured, she thought:  still it had VERY long claws and a great

Sending: many teeth, so she felt that it ought to be treated with respect.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Cheshire Puss,' she began, rather timidly, as she did not at

Sending: all know whether it would like the name:  however, it only

Sending: grinned a little wider.  `Come, it's pleased so far,' thought

Sending: Alice, and she went on.  `Would you tell me, please, which way I

Sending: ought to go from here?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said

Sending: the Cat.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't much care where--' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat.

Sending: 

Sending:   `--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, `if you only walk

Sending: long enough.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another

Sending: question.  `What sort of people live about here?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `In THAT direction,' the Cat said, waving its right paw round,

Sending: `lives a Hatter:  and in THAT direction,' waving the other paw,

Sending: `lives a March Hare.  Visit either you like:  they're both mad.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But I don't want to go among mad people,' Alice remarked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, you can't help that,' said the Cat:  `we're all mad here.

Sending: I'm mad.  You're mad.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `How do you know I'm mad?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You must be,' said the Cat, `or you wouldn't have come here.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on

Sending: `And how do you know that you're mad?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `To begin with,' said the Cat, `a dog's not mad.  You grant

Sending: that?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I suppose so,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, then,' the Cat went on, `you see, a dog growls when it's

Sending: angry, and wags its tail when it's pleased.  Now I growl when I'm

Sending: pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry.  Therefore I'm mad.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I call it purring, not growling,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Call it what you like,' said the Cat.  `Do you play croquet

Sending: with the Queen to-day?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I should like it very much,' said Alice, `but I haven't been

Sending: invited yet.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You'll see me there,' said the Cat, and vanished.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used

Sending: to queer things happening.  While she was looking at the place

Sending: where it had been, it suddenly appeared again.

Sending: 

Sending:   `By-the-bye, what became of the baby?' said the Cat.  `I'd

Sending: nearly forgotten to ask.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It turned into a pig,' Alice quietly said, just as if it had

Sending: come back in a natural way.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I thought it would,' said the Cat, and vanished again.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it

Sending: did not appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the

Sending: direction in which the March Hare was said to live.  `I've seen

Sending: hatters before,' she said to herself; `the March Hare will be

Sending: much the most interesting, and perhaps as this is May it won't be

Sending: raving mad--at least not so mad as it was in March.'  As she said

Sending: this, she looked up, and there was the Cat again, sitting on a

Sending: branch of a tree.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Did you say pig, or fig?' said the Cat.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I said pig,' replied Alice; `and I wish you wouldn't keep

Sending: appearing and vanishing so suddenly:  you make one quite giddy.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `All right,' said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,

Sending: beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin,

Sending: which remained some time after the rest of it had gone.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well!  I've often seen a cat without a grin,' thought Alice;

Sending: `but a grin without a cat!  It's the most curious thing I ever

Sending: saw in my life!'

Sending: 

Sending:   She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the

Sending: house of the March Hare:  she thought it must be the right house,

Sending: because the chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was

Sending: thatched with fur.  It was so large a house, that she did not

Sending: like to go nearer till she had nibbled some more of the lefthand

Sending: bit of mushroom, and raised herself to about two feet high:  even

Sending: then she walked up towards it rather timidly, saying to herself

Sending: `Suppose it should be raving mad after all!  I almost wish I'd

Sending: gone to see the Hatter instead!'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER VII

Sending: 

Sending:                          A Mad Tea-Party

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house,

Sending: and the March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it:  a

Sending: Dormouse was sitting between them, fast asleep, and the other two

Sending: were using it as a cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking

Sending: over its head.  `Very uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' thought Alice;

Sending: `only, as it's asleep, I suppose it doesn't mind.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded

Sending: together at one corner of it:  `No room!  No room!' they cried

Sending: out when they saw Alice coming.  `There's PLENTY of room!' said

Sending: Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one

Sending: end of the table.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Have some wine,' the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it

Sending: but tea.  `I don't see any wine,' she remarked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `There isn't any,' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it,' said Alice

Sending: angrily.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It wasn't very civil of you to sit down without being

Sending: invited,' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I didn't know it was YOUR table,' said Alice; `it's laid for a

Sending: great many more than three.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Your hair wants cutting,' said the Hatter.  He had been

Sending: looking at Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was

Sending: his first speech.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You should learn not to make personal remarks,' Alice said

Sending: with some severity; `it's very rude.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all

Sending: he SAID was, `Why is a raven like a writing-desk?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come, we shall have some fun now!' thought Alice.  `I'm glad

Sending: they've begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,' she

Sending: added aloud.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?'

Sending: said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Exactly so,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then you should say what you mean,' the March Hare went on.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I do,' Alice hastily replied; `at least--at least I mean what

Sending: I say--that's the same thing, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not the same thing a bit!' said the Hatter.  `You might just

Sending: as well say that "I see what I eat" is the same thing as "I eat

Sending: what I see"!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You might just as well say,' added the March Hare, `that "I

Sending: like what I get" is the same thing as "I get what I like"!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You might just as well say,' added the Dormouse, who seemed to

Sending: be talking in his sleep, `that "I breathe when I sleep" is the

Sending: same thing as "I sleep when I breathe"!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It IS the same thing with you,' said the Hatter, and here the

Sending: conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute,

Sending: while Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and

Sending: writing-desks, which wasn't much.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Hatter was the first to break the silence.  `What day of

Sending: the month is it?' he said, turning to Alice:  he had taken his

Sending: watch out of his pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking

Sending: it every now and then, and holding it to his ear.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice considered a little, and then said `The fourth.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Two days wrong!' sighed the Hatter.  `I told you butter

Sending: wouldn't suit the works!' he added looking angrily at the March

Sending: Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It was the BEST butter,' the March Hare meekly replied.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,' the Hatter

Sending: grumbled:  `you shouldn't have put it in with the bread-knife.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily:  then

Sending: he dipped it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again:  but he

Sending: could think of nothing better to say than his first remark, `It

Sending: was the BEST butter, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity.

Sending: `What a funny watch!' she remarked.  `It tells the day of the

Sending: month, and doesn't tell what o'clock it is!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why should it?' muttered the Hatter.  `Does YOUR watch tell

Sending: you what year it is?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course not,' Alice replied very readily:  `but that's

Sending: because it stays the same year for such a long time together.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Which is just the case with MINE,' said the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice felt dreadfully puzzled.  The Hatter's remark seemed to

Sending: have no sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English.

Sending: `I don't quite understand you,' she said, as politely as she

Sending: could.

Sending: 

Sending:   `The Dormouse is asleep again,' said the Hatter, and he poured

Sending: a little hot tea upon its nose.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without

Sending: opening its eyes, `Of course, of course; just what I was going to

Sending: remark myself.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Have you guessed the riddle yet?' the Hatter said, turning to

Sending: Alice again.

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, I give it up,' Alice replied:  `what's the answer?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I haven't the slightest idea,' said the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nor I,' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice sighed wearily.  `I think you might do something better

Sending: with the time,' she said, `than waste it in asking riddles that

Sending: have no answers.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, `you

Sending: wouldn't talk about wasting IT.  It's HIM.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't know what you mean,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, tossing his head

Sending: contemptuously.  `I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied:  `but I know I have to

Sending: beat time when I learn music.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Ah! that accounts for it,' said the Hatter.  `He won't stand

Sending: beating.  Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do

Sending: almost anything you liked with the clock.  For instance, suppose

Sending: it were nine o'clock in the morning, just time to begin lessons:

Sending: you'd only have to whisper a hint to Time, and round goes the

Sending: clock in a twinkling!  Half-past one, time for dinner!'

Sending: 

Sending:   (`I only wish it was,' the March Hare said to itself in a

Sending: whisper.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `That would be grand, certainly,' said Alice thoughtfully:

Sending: `but then--I shouldn't be hungry for it, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not at first, perhaps,' said the Hatter:  `but you could keep

Sending: it to half-past one as long as you liked.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Is that the way YOU manage?' Alice asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Hatter shook his head mournfully.  `Not I!' he replied.

Sending: `We quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you know--'

Sending: (pointing with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) `--it was at the

Sending: great concert given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing

Sending: 

Sending:             "Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!

Sending:             How I wonder what you're at!"

Sending: 

Sending: You know the song, perhaps?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I've heard something like it,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It goes on, you know,' the Hatter continued, `in this way:--

Sending: 

Sending:             "Up above the world you fly,

Sending:             Like a tea-tray in the sky.

Sending:                     Twinkle, twinkle--"'

Sending: 

Sending: Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep

Sending: `Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--' and went on so long that

Sending: they had to pinch it to make it stop.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, I'd hardly finished the first verse,' said the Hatter,

Sending: `when the Queen jumped up and bawled out, "He's murdering the

Sending: time!  Off with his head!"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `How dreadfully savage!' exclaimed Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And ever since that,' the Hatter went on in a mournful tone,

Sending: `he won't do a thing I ask!  It's always six o'clock now.'

Sending: 

Sending:   A bright idea came into Alice's head.  `Is that the reason so

Sending: many tea-things are put out here?' she asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, that's it,' said the Hatter with a sigh:  `it's always

Sending: tea-time, and we've no time to wash the things between whiles.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then you keep moving round, I suppose?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Exactly so,' said the Hatter:  `as the things get used up.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But what happens when you come to the beginning again?' Alice

Sending: ventured to ask.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Suppose we change the subject,' the March Hare interrupted,

Sending: yawning.  `I'm getting tired of this.  I vote the young lady

Sending: tells us a story.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm afraid I don't know one,' said Alice, rather alarmed at

Sending: the proposal.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then the Dormouse shall!' they both cried.  `Wake up,

Sending: Dormouse!'  And they pinched it on both sides at once.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes.  `I wasn't asleep,' he

Sending: said in a hoarse, feeble voice:  `I heard every word you fellows

Sending: were saying.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Tell us a story!' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, please do!' pleaded Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And be quick about it,' added the Hatter, `or you'll be asleep

Sending: again before it's done.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the

Sending: Dormouse began in a great hurry; `and their names were Elsie,

Sending: Lacie, and Tillie; and they lived at the bottom of a well--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What did they live on?' said Alice, who always took a great

Sending: interest in questions of eating and drinking.

Sending: 

Sending:   `They lived on treacle,' said the Dormouse, after thinking a

Sending: minute or two.

Sending: 

Sending:   `They couldn't have done that, you know,' Alice gently

Sending: remarked; `they'd have been ill.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `So they were,' said the Dormouse; `VERY ill.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways

Sending: of living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went

Sending: on:  `But why did they live at the bottom of a well?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Take some more tea,' the March Hare said to Alice, very

Sending: earnestly.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I've had nothing yet,' Alice replied in an offended tone, `so

Sending: I can't take more.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You mean you can't take LESS,' said the Hatter:  `it's very

Sending: easy to take MORE than nothing.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nobody asked YOUR opinion,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Who's making personal remarks now?' the Hatter asked

Sending: triumphantly.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice did not quite know what to say to this:  so she helped

Sending: herself to some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the

Sending: Dormouse, and repeated her question.  `Why did they live at the

Sending: bottom of a well?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and

Sending: then said, `It was a treacle-well.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `There's no such thing!'  Alice was beginning very angrily, but

Sending: the Hatter and the March Hare went `Sh! sh!' and the Dormouse

Sending: sulkily remarked, `If you can't be civil, you'd better finish the

Sending: story for yourself.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, please go on!' Alice said very humbly; `I won't interrupt

Sending: again.  I dare say there may be ONE.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `One, indeed!' said the Dormouse indignantly.  However, he

Sending: consented to go on.  `And so these three little sisters--they

Sending: were learning to draw, you know--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What did they draw?' said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Treacle,' said the Dormouse, without considering at all this

Sending: time.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I want a clean cup,' interrupted the Hatter:  `let's all move

Sending: one place on.'

Sending: 

Sending:   He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him:  the

Sending: March Hare moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather

Sending: unwillingly took the place of the March Hare.  The Hatter was the

Sending: only one who got any advantage from the change:  and Alice was a

Sending: good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare had just upset

Sending: the milk-jug into his plate.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began

Sending: very cautiously:  `But I don't understand.  Where did they draw

Sending: the treacle from?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You can draw water out of a water-well,' said the Hatter; `so

Sending: I should think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh,

Sending: stupid?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But they were IN the well,' Alice said to the Dormouse, not

Sending: choosing to notice this last remark.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course they were', said the Dormouse; `--well in.'

Sending: 

Sending:   This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse

Sending: go on for some time without interrupting it.

Sending: 

Sending:   `They were learning to draw,' the Dormouse went on, yawning and

Sending: rubbing its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; `and they drew

Sending: all manner of things--everything that begins with an M--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why with an M?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why not?' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was silent.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going

Sending: off into a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up

Sending: again with a little shriek, and went on:  `--that begins with an

Sending: M, such as mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--

Sending: you know you say things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever

Sending: see such a thing as a drawing of a muchness?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Really, now you ask me,' said Alice, very much confused, `I

Sending: don't think--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then you shouldn't talk,' said the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear:  she got

Sending: up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep

Sending: instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her

Sending: going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that

Sending: they would call after her:  the last time she saw them, they were

Sending: trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.

Sending: 

Sending:   `At any rate I'll never go THERE again!' said Alice as she

Sending: picked her way through the wood.  `It's the stupidest tea-party I

Sending: ever was at in all my life!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a

Sending: door leading right into it.  `That's very curious!' she thought.

Sending: `But everything's curious today.  I think I may as well go in at once.'

Sending: And in she went.

Sending: 

Sending:   Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the

Sending: little glass table.  `Now, I'll manage better this time,'

Sending: she said to herself, and began by taking the little golden key,

Sending: and unlocking the door that led into the garden.  Then she went

Sending: to work nibbling at the mushroom (she had kept a piece of it

Sending: in her pocket) till she was about a foot high:  then she walked down

Sending: the little passage:  and THEN--she found herself at last in the

Sending: beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and the cool fountains.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                           CHAPTER VIII

Sending: 

Sending:                    The Queen's Croquet-Ground

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden:  the

Sending: roses growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at

Sending: it, busily painting them red.  Alice thought this a very curious

Sending: thing, and she went nearer to watch them, and just as she came up

Sending: to them she heard one of them say, `Look out now, Five!  Don't go

Sending: splashing paint over me like that!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I couldn't help it,' said Five, in a sulky tone; `Seven jogged

Sending: my elbow.'

Sending: 

Sending:   On which Seven looked up and said, `That's right, Five!  Always

Sending: lay the blame on others!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `YOU'D better not talk!' said Five.  `I heard the Queen say only

Sending: yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What for?' said the one who had spoken first.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's none of YOUR business, Two!' said Seven.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, it IS his business!' said Five, `and I'll tell him--it

Sending: was for bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun `Well, of all

Sending: the unjust things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as

Sending: she stood watching them, and he checked himself suddenly:  the

Sending: others looked round also, and all of them bowed low.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, `why you are

Sending: painting those roses?'

Sending: 

Sending:   Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two.  Two began in a

Sending: low voice, `Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to

Sending: have been a RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake;

Sending: and if the Queen was to find it out, we should all have our heads

Sending: cut off, you know.  So you see, Miss, we're doing our best, afore

Sending: she comes, to--'  At this moment Five, who had been anxiously

Sending: looking across the garden, called out `The Queen!  The Queen!'

Sending: and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon

Sending: their faces.  There was a sound of many footsteps, and Alice

Sending: looked round, eager to see the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped

Sending: like the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and

Sending: feet at the corners:  next the ten courtiers; these were

Sending: ornamented all over with diamonds, and walked two and two, as the

Sending: soldiers did.  After these came the royal children; there were

Sending: ten of them, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand

Sending: in hand, in couples:  they were all ornamented with hearts.  Next

Sending: came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among them Alice

Sending: recognised the White Rabbit:  it was talking in a hurried nervous

Sending: manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without

Sending: noticing her.  Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the

Sending: King's crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this

Sending: grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on

Sending: her face like the three gardeners, but she could not remember

Sending: ever having heard of such a rule at processions; `and besides,

Sending: what would be the use of a procession,' thought she, `if people

Sending: had all to lie down upon their faces, so that they couldn't see it?'

Sending: So she stood still where she was, and waited.

Sending: 

Sending:   When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped

Sending: and looked at her, and the Queen said severely `Who is this?'

Sending: She said it to the Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Idiot!' said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and,

Sending: turning to Alice, she went on, `What's your name, child?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,' said Alice very

Sending: politely; but she added, to herself, `Why, they're only a pack of

Sending: cards, after all.  I needn't be afraid of them!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `And who are THESE?' said the Queen, pointing to the three

Sending: gardeners who were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as

Sending: they were lying on their faces, and the pattern on their backs

Sending: was the same as the rest of the pack, she could not tell whether

Sending: they were gardeners, or soldiers, or courtiers, or three of her

Sending: own children.

Sending: 

Sending:   `How should I know?' said Alice, surprised at her own courage.

Sending: `It's no business of MINE.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her

Sending: for a moment like a wild beast, screamed `Off with her head!

Sending: Off--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nonsense!' said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the

Sending: Queen was silent.

Sending: 

Sending:   The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said

Sending: `Consider, my dear:  she is only a child!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave

Sending: `Turn them over!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Get up!' said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the

Sending: three gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the

Sending: King, the Queen, the royal children, and everybody else.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Leave off that!' screamed the Queen.  `You make me giddy.'

Sending: And then, turning to the rose-tree, she went on, `What HAVE you

Sending: been doing here?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `May it please your Majesty,' said Two, in a very humble tone,

Sending: going down on one knee as he spoke, `we were trying--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I see!' said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the

Sending: roses.  `Off with their heads!' and the procession moved on,

Sending: three of the soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate

Sending: gardeners, who ran to Alice for protection.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You shan't be beheaded!' said Alice, and she put them into a

Sending: large flower-pot that stood near.  The three soldiers wandered

Sending: about for a minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly

Sending: marched off after the others.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Are their heads off?' shouted the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!' the soldiers

Sending: shouted in reply.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's right!' shouted the Queen.  `Can you play croquet?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question

Sending: was evidently meant for her.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes!' shouted Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come on, then!' roared the Queen, and Alice joined the

Sending: procession, wondering very much what would happen next.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's--it's a very fine day!' said a timid voice at her side.

Sending: She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously

Sending: into her face.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Very,' said Alice:  `--where's the Duchess?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Hush!  Hush!' said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.  He

Sending: looked anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised

Sending: himself upon tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and

Sending: whispered `She's under sentence of execution.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What for?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Did you say "What a pity!"?' the Rabbit asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, I didn't,' said Alice:  `I don't think it's at all a pity.

Sending: I said "What for?"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began.  Alice gave a

Sending: little scream of laughter.  `Oh, hush!' the Rabbit whispered in a

Sending: frightened tone.  `The Queen will hear you!  You see, she came

Sending: rather late, and the Queen said--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Get to your places!' shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder,

Sending: and people began running about in all directions, tumbling up

Sending: against each other; however, they got settled down in a minute or

Sending: two, and the game began.  Alice thought she had never seen such a

Sending: curious croquet-ground in her life; it was all ridges and

Sending: furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs, the mallets live

Sending: flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves up and to

Sending: stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.

Sending: 

Sending:   The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her

Sending: flamingo:  she succeeded in getting its body tucked away,

Sending: comfortably enough, under her arm, with its legs hanging down,

Sending: but generally, just as she had got its neck nicely straightened

Sending: out, and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head, it

Sending: WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, with such a

Sending: puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing:

Sending: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin again,

Sending: it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled

Sending: itself, and was in the act of crawling away:  besides all this,

Sending: there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she

Sending: wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers

Sending: were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the

Sending: ground, Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very

Sending: difficult game indeed.

Sending: 

Sending:   The players all played at once without waiting for turns,

Sending: quarrelling all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in

Sending: a very short time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went

Sending: stamping about, and shouting `Off with his head!' or `Off with

Sending: her head!' about once in a minute.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice began to feel very uneasy:  to be sure, she had not as

Sending: yet had any dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might

Sending: happen any minute, `and then,' thought she, `what would become of

Sending: me?  They're dreadfully fond of beheading people here; the great

Sending: wonder is, that there's any one left alive!'

Sending: 

Sending:   She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering

Sending: whether she could get away without being seen, when she noticed a

Sending: curious appearance in the air:  it puzzled her very much at

Sending: first, but, after watching it a minute or two, she made it out to

Sending: be a grin, and she said to herself `It's the Cheshire Cat:  now I

Sending: shall have somebody to talk to.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `How are you getting on?' said the Cat, as soon as there was

Sending: mouth enough for it to speak with.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded.  `It's no

Sending: use speaking to it,' she thought, `till its ears have come, or at

Sending: least one of them.'  In another minute the whole head appeared,

Sending: and then Alice put down her flamingo, and began an account of the

Sending: game, feeling very glad she had someone to listen to her.  The

Sending: Cat seemed to think that there was enough of it now in sight, and

Sending: no more of it appeared.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't think they play at all fairly,' Alice began, in rather

Sending: a complaining tone, `and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't

Sending: hear oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in

Sending: particular; at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and

Sending: you've no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive;

Sending: for instance, there's the arch I've got to go through next

Sending: walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have

Sending: croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only it ran away when it

Sending: saw mine coming!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `How do you like the Queen?' said the Cat in a low voice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not at all,' said Alice:  `she's so extremely--'  Just then

Sending: she noticed that the Queen was close behind her, listening:  so

Sending: she went on, `--likely to win, that it's hardly worth while

Sending: finishing the game.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Queen smiled and passed on.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Who ARE you talking to?' said the King, going up to Alice, and

Sending: looking at the Cat's head with great curiosity.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice:  `allow me

Sending: to introduce it.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't like the look of it at all,' said the King:

Sending: `however, it may kiss my hand if it likes.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'd rather not,' the Cat remarked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Don't be impertinent,' said the King, `and don't look at me

Sending: like that!'  He got behind Alice as he spoke.

Sending: 

Sending:   `A cat may look at a king,' said Alice.  `I've read that in

Sending: some book, but I don't remember where.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, it must be removed,' said the King very decidedly, and

Sending: he called the Queen, who was passing at the moment, `My dear!  I

Sending: wish you would have this cat removed!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great

Sending: or small.  `Off with his head!' she said, without even looking

Sending: round.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'll fetch the executioner myself,' said the King eagerly, and

Sending: he hurried off.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game

Sending: was going on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance,

Sending: screaming with passion.  She had already heard her sentence three

Sending: of the players to be executed for having missed their turns, and

Sending: she did not like the look of things at all, as the game was in

Sending: such confusion that she never knew whether it was her turn or

Sending: not.  So she went in search of her hedgehog.

Sending: 

Sending:   The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog,

Sending: which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one

Sending: of them with the other:  the only difficulty was, that her

Sending: flamingo was gone across to the other side of the garden, where

Sending: Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up

Sending: into a tree.

Sending: 

Sending:   By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back,

Sending: the fight was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight:

Sending: `but it doesn't matter much,' thought Alice, `as all the arches

Sending: are gone from this side of the ground.'  So she tucked it away

Sending: under her arm, that it might not escape again, and went back for

Sending: a little more conversation with her friend.

Sending: 

Sending:   When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to

Sending: find quite a large crowd collected round it:  there was a dispute

Sending: going on between the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who

Sending: were all talking at once, while all the rest were quite silent,

Sending: and looked very uncomfortable.

Sending: 

Sending:   The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to

Sending: settle the question, and they repeated their arguments to her,

Sending: though, as they all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed

Sending: to make out exactly what they said.

Sending: 

Sending:   The executioner's argument was, that you couldn't cut off a

Sending: head unless there was a body to cut it off from:  that he had

Sending: never had to do such a thing before, and he wasn't going to begin

Sending: at HIS time of life.

Sending: 

Sending:   The King's argument was, that anything that had a head could be

Sending: beheaded, and that you weren't to talk nonsense.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Queen's argument was, that if something wasn't done about

Sending: it in less than no time she'd have everybody executed, all round.

Sending: (It was this last remark that had made the whole party look so

Sending: grave and anxious.)

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice could think of nothing else to say but `It belongs to the

Sending: Duchess:  you'd better ask HER about it.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `She's in prison,' the Queen said to the executioner:  `fetch

Sending: her here.'  And the executioner went off like an arrow.

Sending: 

Sending:    The Cat's head began fading away the moment he was gone, and,

Sending: by the time he had come back with the Dutchess, it had entirely

Sending: disappeared; so the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down

Sending: looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER IX

Sending: 

Sending:                      The Mock Turtle's Story

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   `You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old

Sending: thing!' said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately

Sending: into Alice's, and they walked off together.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and

Sending: thought to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had

Sending: made her so savage when they met in the kitchen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `When I'M a Duchess,' she said to herself, (not in a very

Sending: hopeful tone though), `I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT

Sending: ALL.  Soup does very well without--Maybe it's always pepper that

Sending: makes people hot-tempered,' she went on, very much pleased at

Sending: having found out a new kind of rule, `and vinegar that makes them

Sending: sour--and camomile that makes them bitter--and--and barley-sugar

Sending: and such things that make children sweet-tempered.  I only wish

Sending: people knew that:  then they wouldn't be so stingy about it, you

Sending: know--'

Sending: 

Sending:   She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a

Sending: little startled when she heard her voice close to her ear.

Sending: `You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you

Sending: forget to talk.  I can't tell you just now what the moral of that

Sending: is, but I shall remember it in a bit.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Perhaps it hasn't one,' Alice ventured to remark.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Tut, tut, child!' said the Duchess.  `Everything's got a

Sending: moral, if only you can find it.'  And she squeezed herself up

Sending: closer to Alice's side as she spoke.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice did not much like keeping so close to her:  first,

Sending: because the Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was

Sending: exactly the right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder,

Sending: and it was an uncomfortably sharp chin.  However, she did not

Sending: like to be rude, so she bore it as well as she could.

Sending: 

Sending:   `The game's going on rather better now,' she said, by way of

Sending: keeping up the conversation a little.

Sending: 

Sending:   `'Tis so,' said the Duchess:  `and the moral of that is--"Oh,

Sending: 'tis love, 'tis love, that makes the world go round!"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Somebody said,' Alice whispered, `that it's done by everybody

Sending: minding their own business!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Ah, well!  It means much the same thing,' said the Duchess,

Sending: digging her sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added,

Sending: `and the moral of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the

Sending: sounds will take care of themselves."'

Sending: 

Sending:   `How fond she is of finding morals in things!' Alice thought to

Sending: herself.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I dare say you're wondering why I don't put my arm round your

Sending: waist,' the Duchess said after a pause:  `the reason is, that I'm

Sending: doubtful about the temper of your flamingo.  Shall I try the

Sending: experiment?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `HE might bite,' Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all

Sending: anxious to have the experiment tried.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Very true,' said the Duchess:  `flamingoes and mustard both

Sending: bite.  And the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock

Sending: together."'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Only mustard isn't a bird,' Alice remarked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Right, as usual,' said the Duchess:  `what a clear way you

Sending: have of putting things!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's a mineral, I THINK,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree

Sending: to everything that Alice said; `there's a large mustard-mine near

Sending: here.  And the moral of that is--"The more there is of mine, the

Sending: less there is of yours."'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, I know!' exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this

Sending: last remark, `it's a vegetable.  It doesn't look like one, but it

Sending: is.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I quite agree with you,' said the Duchess; `and the moral of

Sending: that is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put

Sending: more simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than

Sending: what it might appear to others that what you were or might have

Sending: been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared

Sending: to them to be otherwise."'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I think I should understand that better,' Alice said very

Sending: politely, `if I had it written down:  but I can't quite follow it

Sending: as you say it.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's nothing to what I could say if I chose,' the Duchess

Sending: replied, in a pleased tone.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Pray don't trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,'

Sending: said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, don't talk about trouble!' said the Duchess.  `I make you

Sending: a present of everything I've said as yet.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `A cheap sort of present!' thought Alice.  `I'm glad they don't

Sending: give birthday presents like that!'  But she did not venture to

Sending: say it out loud.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Thinking again?' the Duchess asked, with another dig of her

Sending: sharp little chin.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I've a right to think,' said Alice sharply, for she was

Sending: beginning to feel a little worried.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Just about as much right,' said the Duchess, `as pigs have to fly;

Sending: and the m--'

Sending: 

Sending:   But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died

Sending: away, even in the middle of her favourite word `moral,' and the

Sending: arm that was linked into hers began to tremble.  Alice looked up,

Sending: and there stood the Queen in front of them, with her arms folded,

Sending: frowning like a thunderstorm.

Sending: 

Sending:   `A fine day, your Majesty!' the Duchess began in a low, weak

Sending: voice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Now, I give you fair warning,' shouted the Queen, stamping on

Sending: the ground as she spoke; `either you or your head must be off,

Sending: and that in about half no time!  Take your choice!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Let's go on with the game,' the Queen said to Alice; and Alice

Sending: was too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her

Sending: back to the croquet-ground.

Sending: 

Sending:   The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen's absence,

Sending: and were resting in the shade:  however, the moment they saw her,

Sending: they hurried back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a

Sending: moment's delay would cost them their lives.

Sending: 

Sending:   All the time they were playing the Queen never left off

Sending: quarrelling with the other players, and shouting `Off with his

Sending: head!' or `Off with her head!'  Those whom she sentenced were

Sending: taken into custody by the soldiers, who of course had to leave

Sending: off being arches to do this, so that by the end of half an hour

Sending: or so there were no arches left, and all the players, except the

Sending: King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and under sentence of

Sending: execution.

Sending: 

Sending:   Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to

Sending: Alice, `Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `No,' said Alice.  `I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come on, then,' said the Queen, `and he shall tell you his

Sending: history,'

Sending: 

Sending:   As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low

Sending: voice, to the company generally, `You are all pardoned.'  `Come,

Sending: THAT'S a good thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite

Sending: unhappy at the number of executions the Queen had ordered.

Sending: 

Sending:   They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the

Sending: sun.  (IF you don't know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.)

Sending: `Up, lazy thing!' said the Queen, `and take this young lady to

Sending: see the Mock Turtle, and to hear his history.  I must go back and

Sending: see after some executions I have ordered'; and she walked off,

Sending: leaving Alice alone with the Gryphon.  Alice did not quite like

Sending: the look of the creature, but on the whole she thought it would

Sending: be quite as safe to stay with it as to go after that savage

Sending: Queen:  so she waited.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes:  then it watched the

Sending: Queen till she was out of sight:  then it chuckled.  `What fun!'

Sending: said the Gryphon, half to itself, half to Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What IS the fun?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon.  `It's all her fancy, that:  they

Sending: never executes nobody, you know.  Come on!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Everybody says "come on!" here,' thought Alice, as she went

Sending: slowly after it:  `I never was so ordered about in all my life,

Sending: never!'

Sending: 

Sending:   They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the

Sending: distance, sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and,

Sending: as they came nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart

Sending: would break.  She pitied him deeply.  `What is his sorrow?' she

Sending: asked the Gryphon, and the Gryphon answered, very nearly in the

Sending: same words as before, `It's all his fancy, that:  he hasn't got

Sending: no sorrow, you know.  Come on!'

Sending: 

Sending:   So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with

Sending: large eyes full of tears, but said nothing.

Sending: 

Sending:   `This here young lady,' said the Gryphon, `she wants for to

Sending: know your history, she do.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'll tell it her,' said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow

Sending: tone:  `sit down, both of you, and don't speak a word till I've

Sending: finished.'

Sending: 

Sending:   So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes.  Alice

Sending: thought to herself, `I don't see how he can EVEN finish, if he

Sending: doesn't begin.'  But she waited patiently.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Once,' said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, `I was

Sending: a real Turtle.'

Sending: 

Sending:   These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only

Sending: by an occasional exclamation of `Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon, and

Sending: the constant heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle.  Alice was very

Sending: nearly getting up and saying, `Thank you, sir, for your

Sending: interesting story,' but she could not help thinking there MUST be

Sending: more to come, so she sat still and said nothing.

Sending: 

Sending:   `When we were little,' the Mock Turtle went on at last, more

Sending: calmly, though still sobbing a little now and then, `we went to

Sending: school in the sea.  The master was an old Turtle--we used to call

Sending: him Tortoise--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?' Alice asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `We called him Tortoise because he taught us,' said the Mock

Sending: Turtle angrily:  `really you are very dull!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple

Sending: question,' added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and

Sending: looked at poor Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth.  At

Sending: last the Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, `Drive on, old fellow!

Sending: Don't be all day about it!' and he went on in these words:

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn't believe

Sending: it--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I never said I didn't!' interrupted Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You did,' said the Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Hold your tongue!' added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak

Sending: again.  The Mock Turtle went on.

Sending: 

Sending:   `We had the best of educations--in fact, we went to school

Sending: every day--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'VE been to a day-school, too,' said Alice; `you needn't be

Sending: so proud as all that.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `With extras?' asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes,' said Alice, `we learned French and music.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `And washing?' said the Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Certainly not!' said Alice indignantly.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Ah! then yours wasn't a really good school,' said the Mock

Sending: Turtle in a tone of great relief.  `Now at OURS they had at the

Sending: end of the bill, "French, music, AND WASHING--extra."'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; `living at the

Sending: bottom of the sea.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I couldn't afford to learn it.' said the Mock Turtle with a

Sending: sigh.  `I only took the regular course.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What was that?' inquired Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,' the Mock

Sending: Turtle replied; `and then the different branches of Arithmetic--

Sending: Ambition, Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I never heard of "Uglification,"' Alice ventured to say.  `What is it?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise.  `What!  Never

Sending: heard of uglifying!' it exclaimed.  `You know what to beautify is,

Sending: I suppose?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes,' said Alice doubtfully:  `it means--to--make--anything--prettier.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, then,' the Gryphon went on, `if you don't know what to

Sending: uglify is, you ARE a simpleton.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about

Sending: it, so she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said `What else had you

Sending: to learn?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, there was Mystery,' the Mock Turtle replied, counting

Sending: off the subjects on his flappers, `--Mystery, ancient and modern,

Sending: with Seaography:  then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old

Sending: conger-eel, that used to come once a week:  HE taught us

Sending: Drawling, Stretching, and Fainting in Coils.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What was THAT like?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, I can't show it you myself,' the Mock Turtle said:  `I'm

Sending: too stiff.  And the Gryphon never learnt it.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Hadn't time,' said the Gryphon:  `I went to the Classics

Sending: master, though.  He was an old crab, HE was.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I never went to him,' the Mock Turtle said with a sigh:  `he

Sending: taught Laughing and Grief, they used to say.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `So he did, so he did,' said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn;

Sending: and both creatures hid their faces in their paws.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And how many hours a day did you do lessons?' said Alice, in a

Sending: hurry to change the subject.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Ten hours the first day,' said the Mock Turtle: `nine the

Sending: next, and so on.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What a curious plan!' exclaimed Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's the reason they're called lessons,' the Gryphon

Sending: remarked:  `because they lessen from day to day.'

Sending: 

Sending:   This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a

Sending: little before she made her next remark.  `Then the eleventh day

Sending: must have been a holiday?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course it was,' said the Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And how did you manage on the twelfth?' Alice went on eagerly.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon interrupted in a

Sending: very decided tone:  `tell her something about the games now.'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                             CHAPTER X

Sending: 

Sending:                       The Lobster Quadrille

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper

Sending: across his eyes.  He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for

Sending: a minute or two sobs choked his voice.  `Same as if he had a bone

Sending: in his throat,' said the Gryphon:  and it set to work shaking him

Sending: and punching him in the back.  At last the Mock Turtle recovered

Sending: his voice, and, with tears running down his cheeks, he went on

Sending: again:--

Sending: 

Sending:   `You may not have lived much under the sea--' (`I haven't,' said Alice)--

Sending: `and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--'

Sending: (Alice began to say `I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily,

Sending: and said `No, never') `--so you can have no idea what a delightful

Sending: thing a Lobster Quadrille is!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, indeed,' said Alice.  `What sort of a dance is it?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why,' said the Gryphon, `you first form into a line along the sea-shore--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Two lines!' cried the Mock Turtle.  `Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;

Sending: then, when you've cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `THAT generally takes some time,' interrupted the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `--you advance twice--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Each with a lobster as a partner!' cried the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course,' the Mock Turtle said:  `advance twice, set to

Sending: partners--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `--change lobsters, and retire in same order,' continued the

Sending: Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then, you know,' the Mock Turtle went on, `you throw the--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `The lobsters!' shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.

Sending: 

Sending:   `--as far out to sea as you can--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Swim after them!' screamed the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Turn a somersault in the sea!' cried the Mock Turtle,

Sending: capering wildly about.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Change lobster's again!' yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Back to land again, and that's all the first figure,' said the

Sending: Mock Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures,

Sending: who had been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat

Sending: down again very sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It must be a very pretty dance,' said Alice timidly.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Would you like to see a little of it?' said the Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Very much indeed,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come, let's try the first figure!' said the Mock Turtle to the

Sending: Gryphon.  `We can do without lobsters, you know.  Which shall

Sending: sing?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, YOU sing,' said the Gryphon.  `I've forgotten the words.'

Sending: 

Sending:   So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now

Sending: and then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and

Sending: waving their forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle

Sending: sang this, very slowly and sadly:--

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: `"Will you walk a little faster?" said a whiting to a snail.

Sending: "There's a porpoise close behind us, and he's treading on my

Sending:  tail.

Sending: See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!

Sending: They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the

Sending: dance?

Sending: 

Sending: Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the

Sending: dance?

Sending: Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the

Sending: dance?

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: "You can really have no notion how delightful it will be

Sending: When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to

Sending:                                                       sea!"

Sending: But the snail replied "Too far, too far!" and gave a look

Sending:                                                        askance--

Sending: Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the

Sending:    dance.

Sending:     Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join

Sending:         the dance.

Sending:     Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join

Sending:         the dance.

Sending: 

Sending: `"What matters it how far we go?" his scaly friend replied.

Sending: "There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.

Sending: The further off from England the nearer is to France--

Sending: Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.

Sending: 

Sending:     Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the

Sending:          dance?

Sending:     Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the

Sending:          dance?"'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   `Thank you, it's a very interesting dance to watch,' said

Sending: Alice, feeling very glad that it was over at last:  `and I do so

Sending: like that curious song about the whiting!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, `they--you've

Sending: seen them, of course?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes,' said Alice, `I've often seen them at dinn--' she

Sending: checked herself hastily.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I don't know where Dinn may be,' said the Mock Turtle, `but

Sending: if you've seen them so often, of course you know what they're

Sending: like.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I believe so,' Alice replied thoughtfully.  `They have their

Sending: tails in their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You're wrong about the crumbs,' said the Mock Turtle:

Sending: `crumbs would all wash off in the sea.  But they HAVE their tails

Sending: in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle

Sending: yawned and shut his eyes.--`Tell her about the reason and all

Sending: that,' he said to the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `The reason is,' said the Gryphon, `that they WOULD go with

Sending: the lobsters to the dance.  So they got thrown out to sea.  So

Sending: they had to fall a long way.  So they got their tails fast in

Sending: their mouths.  So they couldn't get them out again.  That's all.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Thank you,' said Alice, `it's very interesting.  I never knew

Sending: so much about a whiting before.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I can tell you more than that, if you like,' said the

Sending: Gryphon.  `Do you know why it's called a whiting?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I never thought about it,' said Alice.  `Why?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.' the Gryphon replied very

Sending: solemnly.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice was thoroughly puzzled.  `Does the boots and shoes!' she

Sending: repeated in a wondering tone.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?' said the Gryphon.  `I

Sending: mean, what makes them so shiny?'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she

Sending: gave her answer.  `They're done with blacking, I believe.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep

Sending: voice, `are done with a whiting.  Now you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `And what are they made of?' Alice asked in a tone of great

Sending: curiosity.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Soles and eels, of course,' the Gryphon replied rather

Sending: impatiently:  `any shrimp could have told you that.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `If I'd been the whiting,' said Alice, whose thoughts were

Sending: still running on the song, `I'd have said to the porpoise, "Keep

Sending: back, please:  we don't want YOU with us!"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `They were obliged to have him with them,' the Mock Turtle

Sending: said:  `no wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Wouldn't it really?' said Alice in a tone of great surprise.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course not,' said the Mock Turtle:  `why, if a fish came

Sending: to ME, and told me he was going a journey, I should say "With

Sending: what porpoise?"'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Don't you mean "purpose"?' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I mean what I say,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended

Sending: tone.  And the Gryphon added `Come, let's hear some of YOUR

Sending: adventures.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning,'

Sending: said Alice a little timidly:  `but it's no use going back to

Sending: yesterday, because I was a different person then.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Explain all that,' said the Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, no!  The adventures first,' said the Gryphon in an

Sending: impatient tone:  `explanations take such a dreadful time.'

Sending: 

Sending:   So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when

Sending: she first saw the White Rabbit.  She was a little nervous about

Sending: it just at first, the two creatures got so close to her, one on

Sending: each side, and opened their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she

Sending: gained courage as she went on.  Her listeners were perfectly

Sending: quiet till she got to the part about her repeating `YOU ARE OLD,

Sending: FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the words all coming

Sending: different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath, and said

Sending: `That's very curious.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's all about as curious as it can be,' said the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It all came different!' the Mock Turtle repeated

Sending: thoughtfully.  `I should like to hear her try and repeat

Sending: something now.  Tell her to begin.'  He looked at the Gryphon as

Sending: if he thought it had some kind of authority over Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Stand up and repeat "'TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,"' said

Sending: the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat

Sending: lessons!' thought Alice; `I might as well be at school at once.'

Sending: However, she got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so

Sending: full of the Lobster Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was

Sending: saying, and the words came very queer indeed:--

Sending: 

Sending:     `'Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,

Sending:     "You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair."

Sending:     As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose

Sending:     Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.'

Sending: 

Sending:               [later editions continued as follows

Sending:     When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,

Sending:     And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,

Sending:     But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,

Sending:     His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's different from what I used to say when I was a child,'

Sending: said the Gryphon.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; `but it

Sending: sounds uncommon nonsense.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her

Sending: hands, wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way

Sending: again.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I should like to have it explained,' said the Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   `She can't explain it,' said the Gryphon hastily.  `Go on with

Sending: the next verse.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But about his toes?' the Mock Turtle persisted.  `How COULD

Sending: he turn them out with his nose, you know?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's the first position in dancing.' Alice said; but was

Sending: dreadfully puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the

Sending: subject.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Go on with the next verse,' the Gryphon repeated impatiently:

Sending: `it begins "I passed by his garden."'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would

Sending: all come wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--

Sending: 

Sending:     `I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,

Sending:     How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--'

Sending: 

Sending:         [later editions continued as follows

Sending:     The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,

Sending:     While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.

Sending:     When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,

Sending:     Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:

Sending:     While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,

Sending:     And concluded the banquet--]

Sending: 

Sending:   `What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle

Sending: interrupted, `if you don't explain it as you go on?  It's by far

Sending: the most confusing thing I ever heard!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, I think you'd better leave off,' said the Gryphon:  and

Sending: Alice was only too glad to do so.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?' the

Sending: Gryphon went on.  `Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you

Sending: a song?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,'

Sending: Alice replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather

Sending: offended tone, `Hm!  No accounting for tastes!  Sing her

Sending: "Turtle Soup," will you, old fellow?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes

Sending: choked with sobs, to sing this:--

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:     `Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,

Sending:     Waiting in a hot tureen!

Sending:     Who for such dainties would not stoop?

Sending:     Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!

Sending:     Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!

Sending:         Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!

Sending:         Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!

Sending:     Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,

Sending:         Beautiful, beautiful Soup!

Sending: 

Sending:     `Beautiful Soup!  Who cares for fish,

Sending:     Game, or any other dish?

Sending:     Who would not give all else for two p

Sending:     ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?

Sending:     Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?

Sending:         Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!

Sending:         Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!

Sending:     Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,

Sending:         Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Chorus again!' cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had

Sending: just begun to repeat it, when a cry of `The trial's beginning!'

Sending: was heard in the distance.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come on!' cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand,

Sending: it hurried off, without waiting for the end of the song.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What trial is it?' Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon

Sending: only answered `Come on!' and ran the faster, while more and more

Sending: faintly came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the

Sending: melancholy words:--

Sending: 

Sending:     `Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,

Sending:         Beautiful, beautiful Soup!'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER XI

Sending: 

Sending:                       Who Stole the Tarts?

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when

Sending: they arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts

Sending: of little birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards:

Sending: the Knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on

Sending: each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit,

Sending: with a trumpet in one hand, and a scroll of parchment in the

Sending: other.  In the very middle of the court was a table, with a large

Sending: dish of tarts upon it:  they looked so good, that it made Alice

Sending: quite hungry to look at them--`I wish they'd get the trial done,'

Sending: she thought, `and hand round the refreshments!'  But there seemed

Sending: to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about

Sending: her, to pass away the time.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had

Sending: read about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that

Sending: she knew the name of nearly everything there.  `That's the

Sending: judge,' she said to herself, `because of his great wig.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown

Sending: over the wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he

Sending: did it,) he did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly

Sending: not becoming.

Sending: 

Sending:   `And that's the jury-box,' thought Alice, `and those twelve

Sending: creatures,' (she was obliged to say `creatures,' you see, because

Sending: some of them were animals, and some were birds,) `I suppose they

Sending: are the jurors.'  She said this last word two or three times over

Sending: to herself, being rather proud of it:  for she thought, and

Sending: rightly too, that very few little girls of her age knew the

Sending: meaning of it at all.  However, `jury-men' would have done just

Sending: as well.

Sending: 

Sending:   The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates.

Sending: `What are they doing?'  Alice whispered to the Gryphon.  `They

Sending: can't have anything to put down yet, before the trial's begun.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `They're putting down their names,' the Gryphon whispered in

Sending: reply, `for fear they should forget them before the end of the

Sending: trial.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Stupid things!' Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but

Sending: she stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, `Silence in

Sending: the court!' and the King put on his spectacles and looked

Sending: anxiously round, to make out who was talking.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their

Sending: shoulders, that all the jurors were writing down `stupid things!'

Sending: on their slates, and she could even make out that one of them

Sending: didn't know how to spell `stupid,' and that he had to ask his

Sending: neighbour to tell him.  `A nice muddle their slates'll be in

Sending: before the trial's over!' thought Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.  This of course,

Sending: Alice could not stand, and she went round the court and got

Sending: behind him, and very soon found an opportunity of taking it

Sending: away.  She did it so quickly that the poor little juror (it was

Sending: Bill, the Lizard) could not make out at all what had become of

Sending: it; so, after hunting all about for it, he was obliged to write

Sending: with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was of very

Sending: little use, as it left no mark on the slate.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Herald, read the accusation!' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and

Sending: then unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:--

Sending: 

Sending:     `The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,

Sending:           All on a summer day:

Sending:       The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,

Sending:           And took them quite away!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Consider your verdict,' the King said to the jury.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Not yet, not yet!' the Rabbit hastily interrupted.  `There's

Sending: a great deal to come before that!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Call the first witness,' said the King; and the White Rabbit

Sending: blew three blasts on the trumpet, and called out, `First

Sending: witness!'

Sending: 

Sending:   The first witness was the Hatter.  He came in with a teacup in

Sending: one hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other.  `I beg

Sending: pardon, your Majesty,' he began, `for bringing these in:  but I

Sending: hadn't quite finished my tea when I was sent for.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You ought to have finished,' said the King.  `When did you

Sending: begin?'

Sending: 

Sending:   The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into

Sending: the court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse.  `Fourteenth of March, I

Sending: think it was,' he said.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Fifteenth,' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Sixteenth,' added the Dormouse.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Write that down,' the King said to the jury, and the jury

Sending: eagerly wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then

Sending: added them up, and reduced the answer to shillings and pence.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Take off your hat,' the King said to the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It isn't mine,' said the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Stolen!' the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who

Sending: instantly made a memorandum of the fact.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I keep them to sell,' the Hatter added as an explanation;

Sending: `I've none of my own.  I'm a hatter.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the

Sending: Hatter, who turned pale and fidgeted.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Give your evidence,' said the King; `and don't be nervous, or

Sending: I'll have you executed on the spot.'

Sending: 

Sending:   This did not seem to encourage the witness at all:  he kept

Sending: shifting from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the

Sending: Queen, and in his confusion he bit a large piece out of his

Sending: teacup instead of the bread-and-butter.

Sending: 

Sending:   Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which

Sending: puzzled her a good deal until she made out what it was:  she was

Sending: beginning to grow larger again, and she thought at first she

Sending: would get up and leave the court; but on second thoughts she

Sending: decided to remain where she was as long as there was room for

Sending: her.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I wish you wouldn't squeeze so.' said the Dormouse, who was

Sending: sitting next to her.  `I can hardly breathe.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I can't help it,' said Alice very meekly:  `I'm growing.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `You've no right to grow here,' said the Dormouse.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Don't talk nonsense,' said Alice more boldly:  `you know

Sending: you're growing too.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said the Dormouse:

Sending: `not in that ridiculous fashion.'  And he got up very sulkily

Sending: and crossed over to the other side of the court.

Sending: 

Sending:   All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the

Sending: Hatter, and, just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to

Sending: one of the officers of the court, `Bring me the list of the

Sending: singers in the last concert!' on which the wretched Hatter

Sending: trembled so, that he shook both his shoes off.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Give your evidence,' the King repeated angrily, `or I'll have

Sending: you executed, whether you're nervous or not.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' the Hatter began, in a

Sending: trembling voice, `--and I hadn't begun my tea--not above a week

Sending: or so--and what with the bread-and-butter getting so thin--and

Sending: the twinkling of the tea--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `The twinkling of the what?' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It began with the tea,' the Hatter replied.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Of course twinkling begins with a T!' said the King sharply.

Sending: `Do you take me for a dunce?  Go on!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm a poor man,' the Hatter went on, `and most things

Sending: twinkled after that--only the March Hare said--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I didn't!' the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You did!' said the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I deny it!' said the March Hare.

Sending: 

Sending:   `He denies it,' said the King:  `leave out that part.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said--' the Hatter went on,

Sending: looking anxiously round to see if he would deny it too:  but the

Sending: Dormouse denied nothing, being fast asleep.

Sending: 

Sending:   `After that,' continued the Hatter, `I cut some more bread-

Sending: and-butter--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But what did the Dormouse say?' one of the jury asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You MUST remember,' remarked the King, `or I'll have you

Sending: executed.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter,

Sending: and went down on one knee.  `I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' he

Sending: began.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You're a very poor speaker,' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately

Sending: suppressed by the officers of the court.  (As that is rather a

Sending: hard word, I will just explain to you how it was done.  They had

Sending: a large canvas bag, which tied up at the mouth with strings:

Sending: into this they slipped the guinea-pig, head first, and then sat

Sending: upon it.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'm glad I've seen that done,' thought Alice.  `I've so often

Sending: read in the newspapers, at the end of trials, "There was some

Sending: attempts at applause, which was immediately suppressed by the

Sending: officers of the court," and I never understood what it meant

Sending: till now.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `If that's all you know about it, you may stand down,'

Sending: continued the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I can't go no lower,' said the Hatter:  `I'm on the floor, as

Sending: it is.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then you may SIT down,' the King replied.

Sending: 

Sending:   Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!' thought Alice.  `Now we

Sending: shall get on better.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'd rather finish my tea,' said the Hatter, with an anxious

Sending: look at the Queen, who was reading the list of singers.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You may go,' said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the

Sending: court, without even waiting to put his shoes on.

Sending: 

Sending:   `--and just take his head off outside,' the Queen added to one

Sending: of the officers:  but the Hatter was out of sight before the

Sending: officer could get to the door.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Call the next witness!' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   The next witness was the Duchess's cook.  She carried the

Sending: pepper-box in her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before

Sending: she got into the court, by the way the people near the door began

Sending: sneezing all at once.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Give your evidence,' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Shan't,' said the cook.

Sending: 

Sending:   The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a

Sending: low voice, `Your Majesty must cross-examine THIS witness.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, if I must, I must,' the King said, with a melancholy

Sending: air, and, after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till

Sending: his eyes were nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, `What

Sending: are tarts made of?'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Pepper, mostly,' said the cook.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Treacle,' said a sleepy voice behind her.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Collar that Dormouse,' the Queen shrieked out.  `Behead that

Sending: Dormouse!  Turn that Dormouse out of court!  Suppress him!  Pinch

Sending: him!  Off with his whiskers!'

Sending: 

Sending:   For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the

Sending: Dormouse turned out, and, by the time they had settled down

Sending: again, the cook had disappeared.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Never mind!' said the King, with an air of great relief.

Sending: `Call the next witness.'  And he added in an undertone to the

Sending: Queen, `Really, my dear, YOU must cross-examine the next witness.

Sending: It quite makes my forehead ache!'

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list,

Sending: feeling very curious to see what the next witness would be like,

Sending: `--for they haven't got much evidence YET,' she said to herself.

Sending: Imagine her surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top

Sending: of his shrill little voice, the name `Alice!'

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:                            CHAPTER XII

Sending: 

Sending:                         Alice's Evidence

Sending: 

Sending: 

Sending:   `Here!' cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the

Sending: moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she

Sending: jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with

Sending: the edge of her skirt, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads

Sending: of the crowd below, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding

Sending: her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset

Sending: the week before.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, I BEG your pardon!' she exclaimed in a tone of great

Sending: dismay, and began picking them up again as quickly as she could,

Sending: for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head, and

Sending: she had a vague sort of idea that they must be collected at once

Sending: and put back into the jury-box, or they would die.

Sending: 

Sending:   `The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave

Sending: voice, `until all the jurymen are back in their proper places--

Sending: ALL,' he repeated with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as

Sending: he said do.

Sending: 

Sending:   Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she

Sending: had put the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing

Sending: was waving its tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable

Sending: to move.  She soon got it out again, and put it right; `not that

Sending: it signifies much,' she said to herself; `I should think it

Sending: would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other.'

Sending: 

Sending:   As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of

Sending: being upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and

Sending: handed back to them, they set to work very diligently to write

Sending: out a history of the accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed

Sending: too much overcome to do anything but sit with its mouth open,

Sending: gazing up into the roof of the court.

Sending: 

Sending:   `What do you know about this business?' the King said to

Sending: Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nothing,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nothing WHATEVER?' persisted the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nothing whatever,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's very important,' the King said, turning to the jury.

Sending: They were just beginning to write this down on their slates, when

Sending: the White Rabbit interrupted:  `UNimportant, your Majesty means,

Sending: of course,' he said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and

Sending: making faces at him as he spoke.

Sending: 

Sending:   `UNimportant, of course, I meant,' the King hastily said, and

Sending: went on to himself in an undertone, `important--unimportant--

Sending: unimportant--important--' as if he were trying which word

Sending: sounded best.

Sending: 

Sending:   Some of the jury wrote it down `important,' and some

Sending: `unimportant.'  Alice could see this, as she was near enough to

Sending: look over their slates; `but it doesn't matter a bit,' she

Sending: thought to herself.

Sending: 

Sending:   At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily

Sending: writing in his note-book, cackled out `Silence!' and read out

Sending: from his book, `Rule Forty-two.  ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE

Sending: HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'

Sending: 

Sending:   Everybody looked at Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I'M not a mile high,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `You are,' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Nearly two miles high,' added the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Well, I shan't go, at any rate,' said Alice:  `besides,

Sending: that's not a regular rule:  you invented it just now.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's the oldest rule in the book,' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then it ought to be Number One,' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily.

Sending: `Consider your verdict,' he said to the jury, in a low, trembling

Sending: voice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `There's more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,' said

Sending: the White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; `this paper has

Sending: just been picked up.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `What's in it?' said the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I haven't opened it yet,' said the White Rabbit, `but it seems

Sending: to be a letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `It must have been that,' said the King, `unless it was

Sending: written to nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Who is it directed to?' said one of the jurymen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; `in fact,

Sending: there's nothing written on the OUTSIDE.'  He unfolded the paper

Sending: as he spoke, and added `It isn't a letter, after all:  it's a set

Sending: of verses.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of

Sending: they jurymen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, `and that's the

Sending: queerest thing about it.'  (The jury all looked puzzled.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `He must have imitated somebody else's hand,' said the King.

Sending: (The jury all brightened up again.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `Please your Majesty,' said the Knave, `I didn't write it, and

Sending: they can't prove I did:  there's no name signed at the end.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `If you didn't sign it,' said the King, `that only makes the

Sending: matter worse.  You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you'd

Sending: have signed your name like an honest man.'

Sending: 

Sending:   There was a general clapping of hands at this:  it was the

Sending: first really clever thing the King had said that day.

Sending: 

Sending:   `That PROVES his guilt,' said the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It proves nothing of the sort!' said Alice.  `Why, you don't

Sending: even know what they're about!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Read them,' said the King.

Sending: 

Sending:   The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.  `Where shall I begin,

Sending: please your Majesty?' he asked.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Begin at the beginning,' the King said gravely, `and go on

Sending: till you come to the end:  then stop.'

Sending: 

Sending:   These were the verses the White Rabbit read:--

Sending: 

Sending:         `They told me you had been to her,

Sending:           And mentioned me to him:

Sending:         She gave me a good character,

Sending:           But said I could not swim.

Sending: 

Sending:         He sent them word I had not gone

Sending:           (We know it to be true):

Sending:         If she should push the matter on,

Sending:           What would become of you?

Sending: 

Sending:         I gave her one, they gave him two,

Sending:           You gave us three or more;

Sending:         They all returned from him to you,

Sending:           Though they were mine before.

Sending: 

Sending:         If I or she should chance to be

Sending:           Involved in this affair,

Sending:         He trusts to you to set them free,

Sending:           Exactly as we were.

Sending: 

Sending:         My notion was that you had been

Sending:           (Before she had this fit)

Sending:         An obstacle that came between

Sending:           Him, and ourselves, and it.

Sending: 

Sending:         Don't let him know she liked them best,

Sending:           For this must ever be

Sending:         A secret, kept from all the rest,

Sending:           Between yourself and me.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,'

Sending: said the King, rubbing his hands; `so now let the jury--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had

Sending: grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit

Sending: afraid of interrupting him,) `I'll give him sixpence.  _I_ don't

Sending: believe there's an atom of meaning in it.'

Sending: 

Sending:   The jury all wrote down on their slates, `SHE doesn't believe

Sending: there's an atom of meaning in it,' but none of them attempted to

Sending: explain the paper.

Sending: 

Sending:   `If there's no meaning in it,' said the King, `that saves a

Sending: world of trouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any.  And

Sending: yet I don't know,' he went on, spreading out the verses on his

Sending: knee, and looking at them with one eye; `I seem to see some

Sending: meaning in them, after all.  "--SAID I COULD NOT SWIM--" you

Sending: can't swim, can you?' he added, turning to the Knave.

Sending: 

Sending:   The Knave shook his head sadly.  `Do I look like it?' he said.

Sending: (Which he certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `All right, so far,' said the King, and he went on muttering

Sending: over the verses to himself:  `"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's

Sending: the jury, of course-- "I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--" why,

Sending: that must be what he did with the tarts, you know--'

Sending: 

Sending:   `But, it goes on "THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,"' said

Sending: Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Why, there they are!' said the King triumphantly, pointing to

Sending: the tarts on the table.  `Nothing can be clearer than THAT.

Sending: Then again--"BEFORE SHE HAD THIS FIT--"  you never had fits, my

Sending: dear, I think?' he said to the Queen.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Never!' said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the

Sending: Lizard as she spoke.  (The unfortunate little Bill had left off

Sending: writing on his slate with one finger, as he found it made no

Sending: mark; but he now hastily began again, using the ink, that was

Sending: trickling down his face, as long as it lasted.)

Sending: 

Sending:   `Then the words don't FIT you,' said the King, looking round

Sending: the court with a smile.  There was a dead silence.

Sending: 

Sending:   `It's a pun!' the King added in an offended tone, and

Sending: everybody laughed, `Let the jury consider their verdict,' the

Sending: King said, for about the twentieth time that day.

Sending: 

Sending:   `No, no!' said the Queen.  `Sentence first--verdict afterwards.'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly.  `The idea of having

Sending: the sentence first!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Hold your tongue!' said the Queen, turning purple.

Sending: 

Sending:   `I won't!' said Alice.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Off with her head!' the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.

Sending: Nobody moved.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Who cares for you?' said Alice, (she had grown to her full

Sending: size by this time.)  `You're nothing but a pack of cards!'

Sending: 

Sending:   At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying

Sending: down upon her:  she gave a little scream, half of fright and half

Sending: of anger, and tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on

Sending: the bank, with her head in the lap of her sister, who was gently

Sending: brushing away some dead leaves that had fluttered down from the

Sending: trees upon her face.

Sending: 

Sending:   `Wake up, Alice dear!' said her sister; `Why, what a long

Sending: sleep you've had!'

Sending: 

Sending:   `Oh, I've had such a curious dream!' said Alice, and she told

Sending: her sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange

Sending: Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and

Sending: when she had finished, her sister kissed her, and said, `It WAS a

Sending: curious dream, dear, certainly:  but now run in to your tea; it's

Sending: getting late.'  So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she

Sending: ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it had been.

Sending: 

Sending:   But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her

Sending: head on her hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of

Sending: little Alice and all her wonderful Adventures, till she too began

Sending: dreaming after a fashion, and this was her dream:--

Sending: 

Sending:   First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the

Sending: tiny hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes

Sending: were looking up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her

Sending: voice, and see that queer little toss of her head to keep back

Sending: the wandering hair that WOULD always get into her eyes--and

Sending: still as she listened, or seemed to listen, the whole place

Sending: around her became alive the strange creatures of her little

Sending: sister's dream.

Sending: 

Sending:   The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried

Sending: by--the frightened Mouse splashed his way through the

Sending: neighbouring pool--she could hear the rattle of the teacups as

Sending: the March Hare and his friends shared their never-ending meal,

Sending: and the shrill voice of the Queen ordering off her unfortunate

Sending: guests to execution--once more the pig-baby was sneezing on the

Sending: Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed around it--once

Sending: more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the Lizard's

Sending: slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,

Sending: filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable

Sending: Mock Turtle.

Sending: 

Sending:   So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in

Sending: Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and

Sending: all would change to dull reality--the grass would be only

Sending: rustling in the wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the

Sending: reeds--the rattling teacups would change to tinkling sheep-

Sending: bells, and the Queen's shrill cries to the voice of the shepherd

Sending: boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the shriek of the Gryphon, and

Sending: all thy other queer noises, would change (she knew) to the

Sending: confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing of the

Sending: cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's

Sending: heavy sobs.

Sending: 

Sending:   Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of

Sending: hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how

Sending: she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and

Sending: loving heart of her childhood:  and how she would gather about

Sending: her other little children, and make THEIR eyes bright and eager

Sending: with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of

Sending: Wonderland of long ago:  and how she would feel with all their

Sending: simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys,

Sending: remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.

Sending: 

Sending:                              THE END
Begining time:
1507235000
Ending time:
1507235000
Difference:
0
